Liverpool FC
Gerrard brace rescues a point for Liverpool against Hull
Liverpool West Brom MOTD -sweet
Newcastle Liverpool MOTD - brilliant
Preston Liverpool Highlights - FA Cup Third Round
Why not post this to the soccer reddit ? http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccer
Merseyside derby a poignant way to mark Hillsborough anniversary
Liverpool crush Chelski
Portsmouth 2-3 Liverpool top of the league !
Portsmouth Liverpool MOTD -highlights
madrid 0-1 liverpool . brilliant
Liverpool Sunderland - thank fucking goodness
Liverpool v Real Madrid . 4-0
Man United Liverpool MOTD - Week 29 EPL best match ever
Anfield remembers Hillsborough
Rafael Benítez tells Ryan Babel 's agent he is free to leave Liverpool
Glen Johnson completes Liverpool move
Torres sees three amigos at Anfield
On this day Joe Fagan rises from the bootroom
Torres . I 'm a better player because of Rafa .
Barca to test Liverpool Masch resolve
Kenny Dalglish returns to Liverpool for senior academy role .
20 Classic LFC quotes
Pardon appeal for Shields refused . Bollocks .
Yossi Benayoun signs extended Liverpool contract.brilliant .
hands off Xabi !
Alonso : Actually I might fancy leaving after all , maybe
Do n't believe what you read in the paper ! This is just some shit-stirring piece from Spain re-hashed by the Echo .
Boo
They 've decreased their offer , now they really mean business ! ?
it 's been a shitty summer for signings , eh ? we should be the ones hovering around with proper money , not worrying about if Franco 's bastards are going to scoop up our best players . Mate , they should be begging to sign for Liverpool . Anyway , my understanding is that Xabi is a Basque boy , why on earth would he want to play for Madrid ?
I dunno about signings , Johnson will do okay , although everyone forgets this time last season he was being done for nicking kitchens from b and q. I was just hoping we 'd hang onto everyone , I dunno about the Basque thing , Benitez is n't basque and neither is torres nor Garcia so I do n't think Alonso gives a shit about that . there 's a good wikipedia page on Canteras . http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cantera and if you read Real 's entry they talk about how Athletico was founded by basque students and their used to be rivalry between middle class madrid fans and the working classes but now the distinctions are much more blurred .
Anyone know how to get Supporters away tickets ?
Try an get a tottenham ticket , I 'm pretty sure that if you are a non-season ticket holding fan with no previous stubs ( ? ) that you 'll struggle to get an away ticket for that one . The ticket hotline and the website are always worth trying . Unless you can get to Liverpool and get to the ground for the day they go on sale , that 'd be the best bet . Where are you now ?
Canada , so it 's going to be hard to get there in time . I may just end up shelling out hundreds of pounds to buy scalper tickets .
From that far away I 'd definitely try to get something out of the website , you could ring the ticket office aswell . They also do postal orders .
Liverpool assess options ahead of possible Alonso sale
boooooo
Steven Gerrard , Phil Collins and prison cell
What the fuck Steven ? it 's bad enough that you count his Greatest hits as your favourite album , but now this .
Au revoir Alvaro Arbeloa
STAY AWAY FROM OUR BOYS I hope Real collapses like a house of cards this year after this buying spree .
they 're buying defenders , fear them
Gutted
shite
Reds refuse to show Rafa the money
Barcelona And Real Madrid To Battle To Sign Liverpool 's Albert Riera
Ah , that 's better
Torres black eye .
i 'd still shag him
Is it true that Gerrard popped him one cause he would n't put on Phil Collins in the locker room ?
Released Liverpool fan Michael Shields tells of 'living hell ' in jail
Great news ! Video response http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4KplxzI0vs0 & e YNWA
thank goodness that 's over .
You will never walk alone ... .
Old but interesting story in light of our new deal . Hospital handed Owls sponsorship .
Aquilani training pics . About bloody time too .
Small Talk : Albert Riera
Bill Shankly : Life , death and football
Best . Day.Ever . Since the last time .
Mukesh Ambani and Subrata Roy 'preparing Liverpool takeover bid '
Albert Riera wants to leave Liverpool after falling out with Rafael Benítez . See Ya ! And take Babel with you . And Lucas .
i was wondering what 's happened to Riera ... i thought he was back from injury but he never seems to be playing ...
We got Maxi and Riera 's not really very good . Maxi is n't playing well yet either but he gets picked . Ask Rafa .
Liverpool suspend Albert Riera for criticism of manager Rafael Benítez
Politics and sport fight it out in Bill Shankly 's shadow
What football podcasts do you download ?
'None ' , sorry mate !
I listen to [ the gaurdian ] ( http : //www.guardian.co.uk/football/series/footballweekly ) and the BBC 's [ 5live ] ( http : //www.bbc.co.uk/5live/podcasts/ ) . I think there is a new york liverpool podcast . Best to ask the lads [ here ] ( http : //www.redandwhitekop.com/forum/index.php ? topic=112969.11600 ) .
Liverpool put up \r for sale by American owners
Fernando Torres : Key to Liverpool
A pretty badly written article with a few good points . After that brilliant Lucasleiva21 twitter thingy a few weeks ago I was softening to the boy . The twitter page got shut down , I remembered it was a joke and then remembered that 'improved ' is n't anywhere near 'good ' He seems like a nice young lad but he 's a shite player . He 's not the only one either and I 'm genuinely shitting myself at what could happen next . Rafa and Torres , etc are right . We need at least 5 top quality players to get back the ground we lost . If it Rafa that buys them or not I 'm almost beyond caring and I can feel myself falling into an emotional hole just pondering that can o ' worms .
The key to what ?
Rafa out
Liverpool complete deal for Serbia striker Milan Jovanovic\r
Think he 's been bought for the left more than anything ( plays there for Serbia , and often for Liege ) and looks to be a replacement for Riera who wo n't be welcomed back at Anfield . Like him though , likes to get forward and attack players which is what were missing . Here 's hoping he can stay fit and have a solid season .
I love her ! She 's so hot in those in Resident Evil movies .
Good news . Twice the striker that Babel or Ngog are , and a decent backup for Torres .
Wow that 's weird . I did the same thing in Football Manager like a month ago . I forgot I even bid for him . I thought it was one of Rafa 's leftovers .
'Here 's hoping he can stay fit'\r This ! Did Rafa take that new fitness coach with him to Inter ? Injuries are something that has haunted us for a few seasons now . Jovanovic is 29 and possibly has fewer seasons ahead then behind him.\r \r Maybe without Rafa 's rotation we 'll see some players like this lad and Aquilani bed themselves in positions and start working off each other .
You 're thinking of Milla Jovovich . This guy played Cyrus 'The Virus ' in 'Con Air ' .
Aquilani looked brilliant in his little cameos towards the back end of the season , so hopefully we can see a bit more of it . I think the fitness coach is still with us thankfully , although i ca n't be positive . Theirs a picture of someone who looks like him with Hodgson and a couple of the other boys . http : //assets.liverpoolfc.tv/uploads/assets/roy_hodgson_18.jpg
Hopefully we will be seeing some consistency in the starting 11 this coming season . Rafa 's rotation was becoming tiring last season .
You 're thinking of John Malkovich . This guy directed 'The Last Picture Show ' .
http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/team/first-team/staff/eduardo-parra-garcia\r Looks like him . That 's good news.\r \r I 'd love to see some of the reserve lads like Kelly and Spearing start first team a little more as well actually .
You 're thinking of Peter Bogdanovic . This guy is the disgraced former Governor of Illinois .
Almost certainly not .
I 'm getting all sorts of ones like this . One was fucking fabregas .
Yossi : 'Rafa made my life a misery ' .
I 've got all the time in the world for Yossi . I think he 's a quality player and was definitely under used , but there is nothing at all to be gained in this sort of nonsense . Everybody 's boss is a douche ! The difference is you 're paid more than the rest of us to deal with it .
Well , Rafa is gone .
it does stink like paper bollocks .
no , but reira and benayoun were quality players , and yossi especially deserved a starting wing spot , especially over babel , and before maxi came in
I 'd agree if it was n't The guardian..
Exclusive : Reds sign Joe Cole - Liverpool FC
Superb signing this in my opinion , better than Benayoun was but Cole tends to be injury prone . Hopefully he can stay fit and can back to his best for us !
We also have a new fitness coach though . Trading Benny for 6m and Cole is an outstanding transfer . Nice one Roy !
Stevie G Wonder Goals
I was at the stoke game where his 100th goal was ( wrongly ) dissallowed . How annoyed was I ? Very annoyed . \r \r More of these goals in 2010/11 though please ! !
Every one is just incredible . Some of the commentary sends chills up my spine too , for example 'OHHHHHHH WHAT ABOUT THAT ! '
'OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH YOU BEAUTY ! '
i am the same way . me and my buddy always watch the games together and our favorite to say is 'ohhhhh , Steven Gerrard and his gifted right foot ! '
What a hit son ! ! ! What a hit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
'OHHHHH YAAAAA BEAUTY ! ! ! ! ! ' One of my favorites of all time
Just to get us amped for this season ... Come on you red men ! : )
Reds re-sign Aurelio - Liverpool FC
Another smart signing if they can keep him fit . Can be a quality left back , just a shame he can be so prone to injuries . Has a hell of a free kick/delivery on him too . If we can get a good 30-40 games out of him in a season , it 'd be a great recall to the team .
Official - Kenny Huang has tabled a formal offer for Liverpool FC to Barclays Capital
If this is true and the Yanks got sent home with nothing that would be the only way to put a good end to this debacle .
Sometimes I wonder how often I will hear stories about bids being made . After all , this would n't be the first time a serious buyer tables a bid for the club . Valuation of the club seems to be the greatest point of disagreement between the Yanks and the potential buyers . Eventually , I just hope Royal Bank of Scotland will tell the yanks that enough is enough . Unless something happens soon anyway , there will be no further transfers made before the window closes . Something has to be decided soon , if Liverpool is to be ready for the new season !
'My loyalty to the club is the same as on the day I signed '
I love this guy ( no homo )
This story just made my pants wet .
I love him so much .
Being 'Gay-for-Torres ' is nothing to be ashamed of dude . Embrace your man crush .
Liverpool Echo - Who is potential Liverpool FC owner Kenny Huang ?
Hey Liverpool fans , the own goal off reina 's hands was hard to watch , but at least ...
Still one of the best in the world , Shit happens . hopefully he 'll err.. bounce back with a good performance .
Yadda yadda yadda . Goalkeeper own goal late in the game . More yadda.\r \r My summary of the match , as given to an Arsenal supporter and friend was as simple as this : \r \r Liverpool managed to not only hold Arsenal away , but actually score a goal , playing 10 against 11 for most of the second half . Arsenal , on the other hand , did n't manage to grab a goal for themselves but actually needed the aid of Reina before a ball wound up in the back of the net . \r \r If that means that Liverpool plays an excellent game of football , or if that means that Arsenal just had a scrappy game , that 's not for me to decide .
That is the god damn truth .
Here we go again ...
I think it was a little of both . Arsenal was unimpressive and lucky to scrap out a point , and Liverpool , although far from dazzling , was able to be strong in defense and gutsy enough to come out of the tunnel strong and take it to Arsenal with 10 men .
Most of ? The entire second half . Cole got carded in first half stoppage time IIRC . They even played with 9 men for a bit when Agger was out with a concussion .
Forgetting that Arsenal got a player sent off near the end of the match ? Thus 'most of ' , because they eventually ended up playing 10 vs. 10 .
Oh yeah . It was in stoppage time though . My bad .
Watching Liverpool in Aus .
Hey mate , I am not to sure where you can re-watch the full match but here are some options for you . Watch them live , i lived in oz for a year and i know how hard it was to catch the football . Sopcast is a great software package for watching football . http : //sopcast.com/ To watch a match through sopcast you need to tell sopcast where to look . You can find the games on here . http : //myp2p.eu/competition.php ? competitionid= & part=sports & discipline=football A link will appear for the liverpool game a few hours before kick off . PM me if you cant find it because i will probably be watching the game aswell . If you miss the goals you can always catch them on http : //www.footytube.com/ OR Some one will always post the goals up on rawk.. you can also find sopcast links here aswell . http : //www.redandwhitekop.com/forum/index.php ? board=2.0 Let us know how you get on . YNWA
From this post i can fully see you are either a full time Reader/devotee to RAWK . MKB is king .
: D MKB is king but Baba is a close second.. YNWA
Match thread : Liverpool vs. Trabzonspor
GOOOOOOOOOOOAAALLLL Babel with the strike and Joe Cole with the assist . Brilliant play .
Lineup is a little dull and uninspiring . Same goes for the game itself so far . Hoping to get to see something of Pacheco though . That kid is promising .
Ah man , my feed cut out and i missed the goal ... saw the replay though , looked good .
So ... 1-0 victory , loads of possession , a metric shitton of almosts , and a few clear chances burned . I 'd say this match was business as usual .
Was n't the greatest of games , but the important thing was the win . Shame we could n't push on for that second goal ( although Poulsen 's should never have been disallowed ) but at least we did n't concede that away goal . Trabzonspor passed the ball very well , ca n't see it being the easiest of games on the away leg . On the plus side though , good to see Babel get a run out , Poulsen had a good game and Torres looked sharp when he came on .
meh , it 's a Europa League home game . Hodgy is probably saving the top players for Man City on Monday .
and a bullshit disallowed goal .
Definitely . Soto and Carragher between then should be able to keep things from going wrong in the back , preventing a away-goal advantage for Trabzonspor for the next game . Still . Matches like this helps me realize how little depth there is to the squad .
Mike Kelly 's appointment at Liverpool proves that KopTalk has no Melwood sources
so no one is even going to mention what 's going on ? It is time to shit or get off the pot /r/liverpoolFC
YES ! I was just thinking this after seeing the latest post was over a month old . YNWA soooo how bout that sale ? How badly do we need this !
My thoughts exactly ... it 's been a tough start though . There was so much excitement at the start of the season but there 's hardly a glimmer of it these days . I think the sale is a good thing and hopefully it will spark something in the weeks to come .
There has to be more LFC fans on reddit ! We need to get them in this subreddit and liven this place up ! As for the sale of the club : It 's so bittersweet for me ! I grew up in NY and root for the Yankees and the Jets . I hate all Boston teams with a passion ! And those bastards are the ones who end up buying the club ? ! ! ? FML ... EDIT : So after a few quick searches i found that [ /r/soccer ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccer/ ) has about 8500 members , [ and has plenty of love for the scousers ] ( http : //imgur.com/xOt8f.jpg ) . There are also subreddits for [ Man U ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/r/manchesterunited ) and [ Chelsea ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/r/chelseafc/ ) , with 1 and 13 members respectively : )
We 're Here ! We Fear ! ( Relegation ! ) And ( we hope ) we are n't going away ! I 've been watching this subreddit for a while now , but last season it seemed to die off.. possibly because none of us really wanted to talk about it .
I just do n't know what to fathom from the whole situation right now . Sooner this nightmare is over the better .
YESSS
[ r/gunners ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/r/gunners ) has 760 arsenal supporters
why do you root for the yankees and the jets ? either yankees/giants or mets/jets ...
There certainly must be more Liverpool fans than Arsenal fans on reddit ! We need to recruit , maybe we should drop /r/liverpoolfc links in the Liverpool related /r/soccer submissions ? ( unless that 's against some sort of rule , of course )
The moderator for /r/LiverpoolFc has clearly abandoned this sub reddit shortly after making it . I think the first step is either contact the admins to try and take the sub reddit over . The other option is to start a new reddit say /r/redditkop and invite every person with a liverpool badge in /r/soccer . Severedfragile is a Liverpool supporter and an active mod on /r/soccer . I think he would be the perfect person to take ownership of this subreddit or head the new subreddit .
Actually , they did a count based on ordered team crests for /r/soccer , and found Arsenal to be the team with the most supporters . \r \r Just sayin ' ...
Would the /r/soccer mods be up for putting a list of club specific sub reddits on the main page there maybe ? This one has spluttered along for a while now and I know we have a decent fanbase on Reddit .
Have you tried contacting Severedfragile yet ? I 'll send him a message if not .
I was hoping he would see this and step forward . I will send him a pm now
My basic response was that I 'd be okay with taking over , but that we should have about 3 mods or more , just to keep things running and to avoid problems with someone disappearing and not leaving anyone in charge ( like happened here or on /r/soccer before ) . If there 's anyone with some CSS knowledge , that would be good .
I have n't got any CSS experience but if I can be of assistance otherwise let me know , I 'd be happy to help .
Looking forward to the day that this photo has a different shirt and a different trophy ( ies )
I hope for two things . An immediate settling of fears for the club itself , sit down with the management , players , and supporters groups to let them know that yes , he is here to make things better , not to profit from the club like the last ones . Profittability will be restored by winning . The second is an wide purse for January , a few new players in , a restored faith in the club , and , lets say an outside chance at Europa . It 's not a great trophy , but it 's a start .
No smoking at Anfield .
I wholeheartedly agree . I think that settling of fear will go a long way . As far as performance on the pitch goes , things ca n't get too much worse . A restored confidence in the club should help this out tremendously . I agree that Europa would be nice but I would prefer challenging for a place in the CL , admittedly this seems difficult given the current position and recent performance .
I 'm done with Hicks and Gillett , you guys want to pool some money together ?
I have no money but you 've got my moral support . Go get 'em .
Do n't be surprised if you manage a few more supporters if they actually pursue the $ 1.6B lawsuit .
I dont condone murder , but do it front of 45,000 at Anfield and the you 'll never be fingered .
What is wrong ?
I think our tactics simply do not match our squad . As you said , we are playing negative like Blackburn or team of similar talent . Also , why the hell did we sign so many central midfielders ? If anything we need one more consistent striker to back up Torres while he is off form . Above all , why the hell are we not fielding a 4-4-2 ? Torres off form is not working , he needs support .
Never mind 4-4-2 . What we need is more pressing higher up the pitch . Especially at Anfield . \r \r Roy is doing what he always does and what he always will do , setting the team up with 2 banks of four , keeping the shape , and sitting-off ( this helps keep the team shape ) . This is a handy tactic when you are away at a strong team , as it makes it difficult to break-down . But it is dull and unadventurous and unlikely to produce many goals.\r \r Sad . ( Though a good draw at Napoli - the right tactics in those particular circumstances . ) \r
Times changing . When clubs like City are spending so much on players it does change a few things of the overall football scene , no matter you support them or call them money bullies . Then there are clubs who do n't spend much but have grown in ambition and are doing well pursuing them . On the other hand , the two cowboys have done almost everything possible to chase away our best players and leave us in a financial mess . Add to that a manager that plays every player in his least favorite position and seem to lack any real ambition ... and then some crazy-ass signing by the previous manager ... and then ... I guess I should stop . It 's a real mess . Just hope we are back at the top soon . YNWA
Christian Purslow stands down as Liverpool managing director
Napoli 0 Liverpool 0
I watched it on my computer , so I did n't get the best view of things . Shelvey looks okay , and I thought Kelley looked pretty good ( Lavezzi gave him a hell of a time , but he 'd do that to most ) . That was actually one of our better performances this season . Which is incredibly depressing , because it was fairly mediocre .
Actually one of our most solid performances this season ... Spearing looked a lot better yesterday than he has done in recent matches for the first team , and I really like the look of Shelvey . Kelly was as solid as ever and puts a decent cross into the box when given the oppurtunity . Was very dissapointed in Babel , thought this was one of those games where he could step up to the plate and show fans what they potentially could be missing . First time i 've actually seen Joe Cole look like a game changer too , every time he touched the ball it looked like something may happen . Just need to build on the performance and start creating them chances .
Unfortunately I did n't get to watch it . I 'm interested to hear some thoughts on the performance .
I though it was a reasonable performance , at least the youngsters looked hungry and were always looking to get the ball , Spearing in particular . The strange thing was he did n't take the most promising youngster ( Pacheco ) , instead he made him play for the reserves the night before . That ca n't be good for his confidence . Imagine if we had Pacheco on the pitch instead of Ryan 'unfulfilled potential ' Babel , we would have won that .
Didnt get a chance to watch it , but it seems very clear that the focus isnt on Euro right now . Hoping that the weekend can at least be somewhat of a return to form . Not expecting an amazing turnaround , but think we have enough talent to at least play decent footy .
interesting , i did n't even realize that , but that is strange that roy didnt play pacheco ...
Liverpool FC vs Blackburn Rovers pre match discussion
Usually should have been a fairly easy game , but I just want to see some good football from our side . New owners will take time to change things around , but I think we have the quality still to beat the majority of the clubs in the league . That being said , Im still nervous .
TOOOORRRREESSSSSS ! ~~ ! ! 11 EDIT : Excellent performance and win by Liverpool , hope this kick starts our season now !
It would truly be wonderful to win one for a change .
If we play defensively and sit way back , anyone could bat us ... I.E Blackpool : ( If we attack and set up a strong attacking line up , no team in Europe will be able to beat us on our day . Unfortunately i think Woy will choose to have a line up which will be very defensive ... 2 DM 's 1 striker etc . Going to be a very nerv-recking game
The team in full is : Reina , Konchesky , Carragher , Kyrgiakos , Skrtel , Lucas , Meireles , Maxi , Cole , Gerrard , Torres . Subs : Jones , Jovanovic , Babel , Ngog , Poulsen , Shelvey , Kelly . So little depth . We 've basically have to bet on Gerrard , Cole and Torres all finding their form simultaneously for this match , taking the play around Lucas and hoping that the things we have tried throughout this season will miraculously work this time .
Why oh why is Maxi playing ... I 'd much rather see Jovanovic on then Maxi .
Oookay . We 're off to a better start than we 've had at any point this season . Good stuff .
Torres looks good , much improved . He 's had several good shots so far . This is my first season as a fan of any team , I just got into the game over last spring . Had my faith rather tested over the last few months , but I stuck with them , hopefully I can see my second home win today ! Come on reds !
Bloody Robinson , keeping blackburn in this game..
Lucas for once managed to not hold up play on the counter , and that almost gave us the first .
Oh my ... how are we not up by atleast 4 or 5 goals by now ...
my friend is at this game . he 's studying abroad at oxford and made the trip out . We looked great that first half . robinson is keeping blackburn in the game for sure .
I just hope we can keep it up in the 2nd half and get a few goals
Excellent football so far . Looking forward to this second half .
wooot , finally deadlock broken !
Kyrgiakos is starting to look like a new version of an ageing Hyypiä . There 's quite a bit to be desired for speed , but he is turning into an air superiority weapon at both ends . So relieved right now .
FFS BLACKBURN EQUALIZER with basically their first attack of the game .
Well , that 's the second time this season we 've managed to grab the three points . Performance seems to be on par with how things have been the last couple of seasons . Lots and lots of possession , and a lot of hard work in order to convert all the positive play into goals .
I am nervous too and honestly , it makes this game a whole lot more exciting .
I dont know why they keep playing him . He actually had what was for him a decent game today , but has been horrible in all of the other games I have watched . Would much prefer even Babel to get some games in to see if he can do before he gets shipped out .
Yeah , amazingly we are having a pretty good start . Lets hope we can get a goal or two while we are .
We 're talking about 'Misses Robinson ' here . 10/10 on reaction saves , but you know that at some point during the game , he will do something mindbogglingly strange that eventually has dire consequences for his team .
Disregard that . Lucas is actually contributing ? This is highly irregular .
That is called 'business as usual ' . Having total control of the game , yet being unable to convert possession and corners into goals .
True . Also doesnt hurt having the two plagues gone . Dont know about the new owners , but on paper they look good , and they cant be much worse . Here 's to a great game and a couple of goals our way ! : )
WTF Maxi ?
Must have been a *really* slow news day .
Carra and Torres take the blindfold penalties challenge
Dirk Kuyt might be fit to play Chelsea on Nov 7th .
We will need him and everyone else exceptionally fit if we hope to come out with a favorable result from that game . Imagine the glory if we walk away with a win !
We have certainly missed his workrate , he helps out the defence a lot more than he is given credit for in my opinion .
Got tickets for the game , ca n't wait .
And the attack . I ca n't believe there 's still Liverpool fans who give him shit . He works hard , wins the ball and makes things happen up front . He scores more follow-up goals than anyone else in the team and creates more than people give him credit for . It 's no fluke that 2 managers in a row have named him as one of the most important players in the team .
Agree . Kuyt is one of the most hard working players . We need him desperately at least when playing against Chelsea .
EXCLUSIVE : Torres and Reina in Bullshit Rumour Shocker !
That was beautiful .
I always have a good laugh at any article containing the following phrases ; 'Insiders can reveal ' 'Mirror sport understands ' 'It is claimed '
LFC fans , I need a little help .
If you can spend any longer in Liverpool I would suggest it . Anfield is in a desolate sort of neighbourhood compared to what modern day Liverpool has become . The shorefront , and downtown have some beutiful old architecture , and modern additions that make it worthwhile . That said , the anfield tour is very entertaining and if that 's all you can see , then dammit , go see it .
National express is definitely the cheapest but it will take about 6-7 hours one way due to all the stops they make . So I doubt you could make it there and back in a day on the coach . The train is a fair bit more expensive but still takes 4-5 hours so again I doubt you could do it in a day and have time left over do to anything . If you could stretch to two days then that would make it much easier .
The National Express bus is the cheapest way . Trains cost a bomb but arriving in Liverpool at Lime Street Station is pretty damn good .
I 'd like to visit the city properly but I have a huge time constraint . So , I have chosen to see the one thing any LFC fan would : - )
Hmmm ! I am not sure if I can squeeze one more spare day from my schedule : - (
That 's a shame , it would be good if you could plan it a little more in advance . Take a stadium tour maybe , see some of the sights , even go to a game if you plan far enough ahead . It would be really tough getting there and back in a day , but I admire your dedication for even considering it .
There 's hope after all !
Now if we can actually buy a decent player , remains to be seen . We havent actually spent that little in the last few years , just havent spent well . ( and recently we have given up the ones that we actually DID buy well )
Bolton - Liverpool - Pre-Match Discussion - 31st Oct
Roy demands [ repeat performance . ] ( http : //www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/liverpool-fc/liverpool-fc-news/2010/10/30/boss-roy-hodgson-demands-repeat-display-from-liverpool-at-bolton-100252-27569221/ ) Football fanhouse [ preview ] ( http : //football.fanhouse.co.uk/2010/10/30/bolton-v-liverpool-preview-roy-hodgson-searching-for-elusive-aw/ ? utm_source=twitterfeed & utm_medium=twitter ) Evolving Bolton side [ to test Liverpool . ] ( http : //www.microlfc.com/index/2010/10/an-evolving-bolton-side-will-test-liverpool/ ) BBC [ preview ] ( http : //news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/eng_prem/9129015.stm ) Roy has much to prove as [ reds travel to Bolton ] ( http : //www.anfieldroad.com/news/201010304178/roy-has-much-to-prove-as-reds-travel-to-bolton.html/ ) Interesting thing from this article is the following quote ; > When Liverpool kick-off at the Reebok it’ll be 442 days since Roy Hodgson won an away game in the Premier League . I knew it was bad but , WOW . Tough game for us I suspect , they 're not bad at home and our away form is terrible . If we lose this I would n't be suprised to see Roy on his way .
I see Soto playing tomorrow . I think Johnson will sub in though .
We SHOULD go with skrtel/agger , to try and get some consistency for the two future CB 's we have . Will miss Soto 's air ability though . Im certain that Carra will somehow find his way in there again , if Johnson is back , or if Kelly is used . Would like to see either Babel on the right , or even just go with Ngog/Torres up front , with Meireles/Gerrard/Cole behind , and Lucas in the back .
More than a win ( even though its extremely important ) , I want Torres to score . I guess scoring in two matches consequently would give him the much needed boost that will win the matches to come .
Reina Carra - Skertel - greek - Aurelio ( if fit ) Lucas Maxi Meireles Cole Stevie G Torres Got ta go pretty much same team as last week , build the confidence from the good performance . Would only make one change being the left Back . Konchesky just inst good enough . Seems to build up but always chokes ... . of course I 'm keen for him to prove me wrong . Gon na be a very important 3 pts !
Soto has been great . Know it isnt going to happen , but would like to see Carra get subbed instead then .
I 'd like to see skrtel/agger long term too , the only problem in this game is we are up against Davies . I think we need our mad greeks aerial ability to deal with him .
I recognize that we dont really have anyone better right now , but I still cringe seeing Maxi as our best option . Last game was somewhat decent , but apart from that , I havent seen anything worth keeping . He 's not a winger at all , and isnt good enough inside to do much damage there either ...
Lucas is not a defensive midfielder by trade , but I have to agree with this selection .
Agreed . If Johnson isnt back , we will most likely get skrtel/soto , and carra on the right . Which isnt the worst , though Carra doesnt bring anything to the offense at all ... .
Who would best in a Liverpool Jersey ? Mirko Vucinic ( roma ) , Charlie Adams ( blackpool ) , or Lisandro Lopez ( Lyon ) ?
Do n't rate any of them . I really agree with Henry 's reported interest in buying the next stars rather than current stars . Vucinic , Lopez both wo n't have any transfer value after we buy them . Elia , Afellay , Honda , Van Wolfswinkle ( spelling ) , even Suarez would all be better use of money IMO . But odds are we will barely noticed the player before we buy them , much like Aquilani and Meireles .
[ deleted ]
Charlie Adams is the best player out of the bunch , but we need a winger more than anything right now .
i like lisandro a lot
Also , the shorts thing .
Agreed , I find it hard to believe that we have gone for so long without an out and out winger , when was the last time we had one of those ? Probably not since Mcmanaman left .
Agreed , Even when Gerrard played down the right when he was first getting started and scored something like 22 goals a few years back . he did n't look totally comfortable and played a bit unconventionally for a winger .
After talking about milk in a bottle two weeks ago , Rafa now speaks out on Hodgson , Dalglish and a mountain of sugar
My guess ? He 's secretly giving us a pancake recipe . Next time , his image will be something to do with eggs . Then butter . At some point in April , he will declare it to be the last time he talks about his job at Liverpool , and then start giving out numbers . And it shall be known as *The Benitez Code . *
I think a lot of us regret the Hodgson appointment but Rafa needs to shut up for at least a year and let his 1st place , 2nd place , 4th place finishes in the CL do the talking .
I still like Rafa and think he 's a great coach , and realize he got a raw deal out of Liverpool ... . but dude needs to shut the f up ... He went from a spiralling liverpool to the winners of the champions league , you landed ok man , just shut up about L'pool for a while ok ?
I think the , 'Roy could n't see a priest on a mountain of sugar ' quote refers to the fact that priests wear black and sugar is white . But knowing Rafa he could just as easily be telling us how to make a cup of tea . I still love the man , I 'd take him back tomorrow .
As a Tool fan , I 'm totally imagining *Die Eier Von Rafa* right now . *Edit** I just realized that if you read and understand that , it sounds like I 'm saying I 'm thinking of Rafael Benitez 's testicles . I 'd like to set you straight , but now I actually *do* have an image of them stuck in my head , so it 's too late .
I love that he 's reading this off a piece of paper . As in , he 's thought about what he 's saying and written it down . He *wants* to come off as a quixotic wizard .
He 's not talking about Liverpool , he 's replying to Hodgson . I know he 's our manager , but still , there 's a difference . There 's no doubt he respects our club .
I just wanted to take a moment to point out that despite the worst start to a season ever and blah blah blah , we 're currently trailing by five points in order to qualify for the Champions League next year .
Yes . But our football is dire , i dont see us making it to top 4 with this shit ( ok we played well against rovers but one swallow etc.. ) Right now , we should just be looking at one game at a time and stop day-dreaming . And I dont give a damn about stats , I dont care if this is our worst start , all I want to see is my team go out and play good football , show passion and desire , winning will follow .
... And we 're 3 points from the relegation places and we 're playing like shite and we only beat two shite teams . If we beat Chelskovich then we might be onto something . I just hope the meeting this week between Hodgeson and the board results in his walking away . Fingers x'ed ...
I glanced at the table after the game yesterday and thought the same thing , but then my natural pessimism kicked in . If we continue the way we are going we are on course for 44/45 points , which would be a complete disaster . I think we will have a much better idea of were we are at the end of the month , we 've got five league games in November and in all truth I can only see the west ham game as a nailed on 3 points . I hope I 'm wrong but lets wait and see .
And we 've already played City , Arsenal and United . If we can get a point off Chelsea I 'll be happy .
Exactly ! One more thing to point out is that we started with the tough matches ( except for Chelsea ) . So , it should be a bit easier from this point . Top four is now a definite possibility . However , it remains to be seen whether the last two matches were really a turning point or we just got lucky . The match against Chelsea is therefore the most important match of this season .
We can not overlook the fact that we 're missing two massive players right now in Kuyt and Johnson . Two guys who bring a lot of offense to the table . The last bunch of games have been close games with minimal point , but not a lot scored against us , with those two back and moving the ball up , Torres finally showing some hints of his skill again ... . well There 's still some peices to work out , but it 's starting to come together .
Is right .
Right . But do n't forget that we were losing even against 'shite ' teams . So , that 's an improvement no doubt . That said , even I think that Roy is n't the right man to lead us .
I 'm not exactly popping champagne over two quick wins either , but it was just something worth bringing out as a counterpoint to the doom & gloom statements of the past three weeks about having had the most abhorrent start to a season since some arbitrary point in history.\r \r Hopefully , we will get some sort of reinforcement in January . Definitely not the overhaul the team needs , but still a token purchase meant to show that there will be progress in the team , and new players will be brought in .
Missing the point . We should beat these teams . This is Liverpool Football club , we 're supposed to be the team that others are scared of .
Agreed .
the first hopeful thoughts about the team i 've seen in a while , thanks . man it 's been a depressing 2 years ...
I 'm a Liverpool supporter . \r \r Doom and gloom is for the fairweather fans who thinks that a 1-0 win on a rainy Sunday afternoon was not a performance worth coming out for . Giving up is not in our nature . \r Hopeful thoughts is what made people sing at half time in Istanbul , and a complete and utter disrespect for reality is what has kept us in the top four . If moral victories had given three points , we would 've won the league several years running after playing against eleven men and a ref for too many matches . The Premiership belongs at Anfield , it has just been out on loan to the other clubs for a few years now . \r \r Madness ? No . This is Anfield !
you should give halftime speeches
I think I would have been banned from away matches after developing a habbit of storming the pitch at full time at a win , shirtless and like a rabid Spartan in heat , planting a Liverpool flag in the mid circle while roaring 'We have conquered ! ! ! '
Do n't know why but this reminds me of Quake !
Liverpool FC 's Damien Comolli : Hits and Misses
Well , he ca n't be worse than Hodgson anyways .
Liverpool FC v Napoli pre-match discussion .
What the hell..raul on the wing ? man thats crap . Agree with you to that Pacheco needs to start , or at least get a good 40min game time . That guy is class .
STEVIE G ! ! ! ! ABSOLUTE CLASS
djphal ? legend .
I think they said Kyrgiakos was injured though , so maybe sub Skrtel back in there .
The very same .
We get a new director of football . NESV are starting to put the pieces in place .
I do n't know much about him but there 's some good articles [ here ] ( http : //blogs.telegraph.co.uk/sport/duncanwhite/100007449/tottenham-are-reaping-the-legacy-of-frank-arnesen-and-damien-comolli/ ) and [ here ] ( http : //www.footballfancast.com/2010/04/football-blogs/comollis-legacy-at-tottenham-doesnt-paint-the-real-picture ) . Also a very interesting one [ here ] ( http : //www.epltalk.com/what-the-henry-beane-comolli-connection-means-for-roy-hodgson-26290 ? utm_source=feedburner & utm_medium=feed & utm_campaign=Feed % 3A+EPLTalk+ % 28EPL+Talk % 29 ) which suggests he shares a network with Henry and also casts doubt on Roys long term future .
I think is great just because there 's actually a dedicated position at the club for long-term approaches . Managers will come and go as an inevitability but this is vital for longterm success . This is the same way that Lyon became a powerhouse and won so many titles .
This man almost single handedly turned Liverpool FC into the powerhouse it is today .
The club would n't be what it is today without him . You 'll never walk alone .
A bit obvious , eh ?
Shankly ! clap clap clap Shankly ! The Kop during Shankly 's Tenure http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=87Ywgj2PWx0
Why Hodgson Should Quit Rafa-Bashing Now ...
And now Roy has [ apologised ] ( http : //www.guardian.co.uk/football/2010/nov/03/roy-hodgson-rafael-benitez-liverpool ? CMP=twt_gu ) to Rafa .
Probably the smartest move he could pull at this point . I still think he 's in over his head , but I hope he 's learning the ropes . One of his biggest problems right now is the backlash from a lot of fans towards the ridiculous scrutiny of Benitez 's tenure . The more he talks abotu his predecessor , the more he invites comparisons . I 've been critical of Woy , but I 've maintained that the criticism we 're levelling towards our manager is ( once again ) out of hand . He deserves a proper chance to get the job done now .
I 'm uneasy with the criticism leveled at Roy too and I hate saying it but I really do n't think he 's the right man . I think it 's one thing to criticise him with facts and sound reasoning but it 's quite another thing to openly mock him and scutinise him excessively . Personally I think it has a lot to do with the fan power that was used on G & H . I think we 've let the cat out of the bag and I do n't see it going back in anytime soon .
I 'm glad he apologised and that is , hopefully , the end of that . I think RH may have believed the media crap that the fans did n't want Rafa . He is finding out the hard way that this is plain untrue . I agree too that the criticism has gone over the top sometimes and we should maybe take a breath and get behind the whole team .
Liverpool fixtures ICS calendar - can anyone find a better one ?
Do n't have a better one , but thanks for this one . : - )
Wishlist to Woy : Brede Hangeland
Since this is our own club circlejerk , I though I 'd try for a segment called 'Wishlist to Woy ' over potential targets for the club.\r \r If we are to invest in one central defender who is performing admirably , who would not have to be wrestled away from clubs like Real Madrid or Barcelona , I think this would be a sound investment .
Ever Banega .
Stop using 'Woy ' you fucking child .
He 's a bit too old no ? Maybe not for a centre back .
29 ? Just entered the years of peak performance , and can be expected to keep calm and carry on until 35 . Hyypiä was 35 when he left the club .
Fair enough on a wishlist – though I doubt he 'd get past the new NESV signing criteria for being too old .
Anyone walking around today with a little more hope ?
a little , but still not feeling confident until we can play decently against Chelsea . I fear Johnson or Carra could make a mistake at any point and give up 2 or 3 goals , and have n't seen liverpool play well with a full-strength side yet . A lot of our goals are still fairly lucky , and until Torres puts on his running boots I 'm not getting too cocky
I 'm absolutely more hopeful about the rest of the year . Just need to keep putting together some premier league wins .
Thursday I heard the fans at The Kop start singing about Steve Gerrard Gerrard again . A few minutes later they were singing it again , only louder . And within minutes , The Kop suddenly sounded like their own selves again , being the obnoxiously loudest bunch of fans you will find anywhere in England . The sound of The Kop waking up , starting to find its voice again , is something that should intimidate any footballer in England . Oh yeah , and that bit about Gerrard grabbing himself a hat-trick too , that was a nice experience too . But seriously . If Gerrard decides to turn into Captain Fantastic again , then we suddenly have someone who can provide goals again . Torres seems to gradually and slowly be picking up his game . I 'm not pessimistic about the situation . Sure , we just recently got out of the bottom three . But still , it 's just one quarter of the season gone by . We 're currently in thirteenth place , and we 're trailing Manchester City in fourth place by five points , and trailing Man United and Arsenal by eight . We 're not dead yet . Actually , we 're getting better . We do n't want to go on the cart . I think we 'll go for a walk . Chelsea match could go all sorts of ways . A win would be an enormous boost to morale . If not , then whatever . It 's not like we have n't had the chance to get used to losing this season .
To be honest , I 'd be more than happy with a draw against Chelsea . But you never know !
I believe your fears have been allieviated as of right now . Carragher was strong , Gerrard was good , Lucas surprisingly excellent , and Torres put on his shoes and then ripped chelsea a new one . I love it .
I think you 're a little happier with that win now , ai n't ya ?
Haha so true , hope to keep this up
Hell , Yeah !
I 'm sort of giddy , I had the same thoughts as you ... a draw would be a great result . But hell , this , I LIKE .
Best part is , it could have been 3-0
Dont worry , we got Stevie G ! !
this is fucking hilarious
You 've probably already seen them , but here are some links to highlights from the Napoli game
The chip was so good , I started lol'ing
Recruitment of Damien Comolli is first step in Anfield revolution
This is a bit of a fluff piece for the new owners , but I 'd like to think that their vision could pay dividends eventually . The statistics-based approach is a very American thing which I 'm not too familiar with , and whether it can be applied to football is a pertinent question . Either way I do n't see the approach paying off for 3 or 4 years , so we will have to be patient . If Liverpool lift one trophy ( Mickey Mouse or otherwise ) within the net 2 years I 'll view that as very encouraging .
16 Conclusions from Liverpool-Chelsea
FERNANDO TORRES
http : //i.imgur.com/sWBWh.gif http : //i.imgur.com/YFGnK.gif Says it all really .
I 'm very biased , I came to Liverpool through the spanish players and think Torres has the ability to win the ballon d'or in the right situation . Today he was the Torres I know and love , taking down Chelsea is a HUGE win .
His armband proved he was a red , Torres , Torres . You 'll never walk alone it said , TORRES , TORRES ! We bought the lad from sunny spain , he gets the ball he scores again , FERNANDO TORRES , LIVERPOOL 'S NUMBER 9 !
Good to see him back !
He bought the lad from sunny Spain , he gets the ball he scores again . 'nuff said .
Loving it . Lets keep the wins coming lads .
Its nice to see him back in form . I 'm not going to quite get my hopes up yet that he is back for good but it was an excellent showing .
who ?
I can watch those loops for hours , my smile getting wider and wider .
haha the second gif always ends with terry looking up disgusted , awesome
I was on the Kop versus West Ham when this chant properly started in 08 ( ? ) . He got a Hat Trick on the night and we sang and bounced all the way back to London that night . : )
Axe will fall in Anfield rising . Interesting article , lots of talking points .
I dream of January
Diego Forlan is in the mix too ...
Nobody can go anywhere this January except Babel . We need Maxi and we might need Paulsen . IMO we need a winger/speedy player even more than a striker . We never , ever get to the touch line . We rarely get offside calls except for Torres . Kuyt and Maxi are too slow , Jovanovic and Joe Cole are lacking end product . Hazard , Afellay ( probably too expensive ) , N'Zogbia . that type of player is a must for me . Then worry about striker .
Babel , Paulsen out ( Lucas off that list after that match against Chelsea ) . Get another good striker ( do n't have anyone particular in mind ) . And the biggest wish is that Roy would be replaced by some good manager ( may be Rijkaard ) .
i guess affelay is out of the picture now . fabio coentrao would be awesome and much needed .
Link to the rumors please
I like forlan but he 's on the wrong side of 26 . The owners have said they want value for money which means i think they 'll only pay a lot for someone under 26 .
[ Forlan ] ( http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/media-watch/agent-forlan-can-leave-this-summer )
this article is dated 21st May 2010 and was talking about last summer 's window .
Oh I thought Forlan was recently linked to Liverpool . With NESV in charge I doubt we go after Forlan . It would run counter to the ownership 's mentality . Forlan would be a big , expensive splash for a player who ultimately only has a few years left in the tank . That being said if the ownership thought it was a good move I would support it .
http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/transfer-gossip/liverpool-on-alert-as-atletico-madrid-prepare-for-forlan-exit dated oct 28 2010 http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/transfer-gossip/forlan-keen-on-january-move-to-liverpool-or-spurs dated oct 27 2010 http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/transfer-gossip/lfc-out-for-forlan-in-jan dated oct25 2010
thanks for the links . It says about what i expected it to though . I still doubt NESV pulls the trigger .
i can still dream about a torres / forlan attack though > . <
You can take solace in the face our name is in hat for Keisuke Honda . He would be a nice addition
Leivinho bossing the game against Chelsea ( vid )
Nice compilation . The lad seems more comfortable and it 's good to see him shine and reach his potential .
Sorry for the shitty Coldplay remix . I recommend muting it and playing some Brutal Truth in the background instead .
LUCAS ! ! ! !
Anyone have a mirror to this vid ? Its down sure to copyright
i love liverpool , but a few okay games is not gon na make up for a couple years of shit by lucas . some of those 'highlights ' were bad plays anyways ...
Down due to copyright infringement
Rumor : Christian Poulsen Set for January Exit
Bloody well hope so .
I think he should go..but boo-ing him when he is playing is so not cool .
Uhmmm ... Did n't we sign him after the season had started ? A player can not register for more than two clubs in the same season . So unless he 's offloaded to someone in a Scandinavian league playing during summer seasons , that probably wont go through . ( Unless he was n't registered as a player in Serie A ... )
I really hope it 's true . He 's the laziest player the team .
Please go ...
I think he was signed before the Italian season started . I do n't think he 'd played a game for them , so hopefully that means he can play for someone else . I try not to criticize my own team 's players ( even the crap ones ) but I really do not like seeing this guy on the pitch . I have n't seen him contribute anything ( about 10 good minutes against Man Utd and another 5 the rest of the season aside ) and he does n't even have the excuse of the team being out of form because he 's one of the few people playing in a position where the rest of the team 's play does n't really affect his ability to do his job . Yes , destroyers work better if they have a team closing down opponents around them , but it 's also a highly independent role , and one that he just has n't done . He 's also a violent bastard , something we have n't really seen at Anfield because he 's just too slow to get close enough to an opponent to kick him .
Dissecting Torres ' Second Goal
What now ?
KING KENNY ! ! ! ! ! ! !
There 's no doubt in my mind he has to go , in all my years of watching Liverpool I can say without fear of exaggeration that this is the worst I have seen us play , we were n't even this bad under Souness . Roy is systematically undoing all the good work of the last 6 years , I firmly believe we stand a reasonable chance of being relegated if Roy stays any longer . What we should do when he 's gone is tricky but do n't forget this is Liverpool and there are dozens of top flight managers who would be falling over themselves to be involved with us .
I 've been staunchly sticking to the stance that Woy deserves a full season to try to sort things out . He came to the club at a bad time and deserved his chance . It 's getting harder .
I too think that Roy probably deserves to see out the full season ( as long as it does n't result in demotion obviously : S ) , but I think we need someone other than Roy to over-see the January transfer window . His purchases in the summer were n't great : Poulsen has been useless - fitness levels means he 's tired after half the game ; touch is too poor for the EPL , and his passing has been poor . He always has his back facing the goal , and his passing is always back to the CBs . Meireles has been pretty good , but we would n't have needed him if we 'd have kept hold of Aquilani ( who we 'll probably lose £5-10 million on in the summer ) ; Konchesky seems worse than Insua going forward , and worse at the back , so a complete waste of money really . We need to bring in a wide player who will hug the touchline , and give us width , and better deliveries into the box for Torres . To be honest , we 've needed a player like that for the last 2-3 years . When Maxi first arrived , I thought he 'd be able to do that , but watching him play under RH , he 's less of a winger than Meireles . Unfortunately , you end up paying much more than players are worth during the January window , as everyone knows teams are desperate to patch holes in their side . Problem for us is , we seem to have quite a few : (
I think , for what it is worth , that roy deserves a full season . I think the winter transfer season will bring additions that will be a major help . I have watched all of liverpool 's last few games very closely and I feel the only reason we did n't win these last two games is because the players are tired . The same squad has played three games in a week after beating chelsea . They are not robots . Their play is good but they all lack that full fitness . Roy is partially to blame for this but what people do we have on the bench ? not many . Roy is doing the best job he can with what we have . Give him till the end of the season and see where we stand . If he does get replaced I would like to see Guus Hiddink take over or Rijkaard . When Rijkaard took over barcelona they were in a very similar position as liverpool now . Mix that with the new scout and Liverpool would be great . But until then I say give Roy a full chance . Do n't expect Liverpool to be perfect because they 're not . They 're good , but far from perfect .
My dead cat could do a better job that that tired old fart that 's dragging us down right now .
It 's becoming increasingly obvious that giving him until Christmas would be a disaster never mind the end of the season .
One of my main worries was that Roy would be given money to spend in January but luckily we have recruited Comolli to buy the players .
agreed . konchesky is a total disaster ... i 've yet to see him play a good game . poulsen is too old , far past his peak . i used to think maxi was a great signing but he 's been disappointing more than anything . if rumors are true about adam johnson being unhappy at man . city , i 'd do my best to sign him - although i 'm not sure how much money Henry is willing to dish out for the upcoming transfer window .
I think Roy would be gone by the end of the season , yeah the players looked tired but every team in the league has played the same number of matches . The squad for Europa league matches is very different , what strikes me about Roy is that he can not outwit tactically the likes of west brom , sunderland , birmingham , bolton , blackpool and stoke even against the teams we won , you 'd be lying if you said we looked any good . What makes you say that the play was good , apart from a couple of moments of brilliance by Torres ?
Yes all teams play the same games but most squads will switch out a few players who need a rest . there is no reason maxi should play three games in one week . Jovonivic or babel should have played in the midweek draw . A lot of the players are oldish and do n't have the stamina to play that much . and no we did n't look good . I meant that individually we have some good players who are trying but are used more then they should be . I think that if Liverpool continues their run of good form again then things will be fine till the end of the season . If we are lower then we are now in the league then yes I would consider bringing someone in . In all fairness though Roy has n't had a chance to choose his squad . he is mostly playing will players Benitez brought in . I feel one transfer season could be good for him to build a little and then judge him .
John W Henry sets out his vision for Liverpool
Aquilani wants permanent move to Juventus
Not surprised to be honest . As I see it , he 's been very unfairly treated ; shame that Hodgson added a option to buy with such a low fee into the loan deal .
He just fits into Italian football alot better than he does here in the EPL . Technically he 's a great player , but Physically I think he struggles to keep hold of the ball , you just do n't get the time and space in this league . Good luck to him , he shown glimpses of the player he is towards the end of last season , it just obviously was n't meant to be .
good player , bad buy , best he leaves .
Not to worry , We have loads of talented central midfielders who are n't made of glass . do n't let the door hit you on the way out . on a lighter note Liverpool could use that ₤13,000,000 and pick up a winger to add some width to Liverpools exceptionally narrow midfield .
He never fit in , he was injured longer than expected and the fans never really took to him . More importantly he 's Italian and now playing in Italy with form and confidence , so if I was him I would want to stay there too .
While I agree that we could definitely do with a winger , I think you 're underestimating the talent that Aquilani is . Yes , he was injured when we bought him , and we knew it would take a while for him to be fit for the EPL . However , it was only an investment worth making if we were going to keep him for a while . Unfortunately , Benitez did n't give him enough playing time . There were many occasions where he insisted he was fit , but Benitez refused to play him , citing his injuries as an excuse . Then Hodgson came in , made a snap decision , sent him out on loan , and then proceeded to bring in another CM in Meireles . I think everyone would agree that Aquilani is definitely better than Meireles at unlocking the opponents defence , which is what we need . We have more than enough holding midfielders ( Lucas , Spearing , Poulsen ) .
I agree with everything you 've said . He 's got great talent , Benitez did n't play him enough , and he was sent out on loan on a snap decision . But he does n't want to return to Liverpool , he 's even said this himself . Meireles , Lucas , Gerrard , Poulson , and Spearing are all viable options in the center of the park , and even if he does come back where will he play ? I think it would be best to offload him to Juve and go after an Aaron Lennon or Ashley Young type of winger .
> he does n't want to return to Liverpool , he 's even said this himself I guess that 's a good point . No point trying to keep hold of a player who wants to leave . Shame that we 've lost money on the transfer in total though : ( I 'd prefer Johnson over Lennon/Young , especially as he 's considering leaving if he does n't get more playing time ( which we can offer him ) .
> Meireles , Lucas , Gerrard , Poulson , and Spearing are all viable options in the center of the park , and even if he does come back where will he play ? He 'll play instead of one of them . Gerrard aside , nobody on that list is anywhere as creative as him . The fact remains that in a side that has major problems creating good chances , we 've sent out our most creative passer for no good reason .
well he does n't want to play for Liverpool , I 'll take somebody who 's got passion to play for Liverpool over someone who does n't any day of the week . If you 've been watching the games they dont need Aqua in the middle of the park , they hold the ball well in there but have no one out on the wings to pass to , which is why when Aqua leaves I suggested it would be a blessing in disguise for Liverpool to go out and snatch a quality winger . also Lucas catches a lot of shit from just about every Liverpool fan alive , but this season he 's been impressing .
First of all , I 'm one of Lucas ' biggest defenders , but he 's not a creative player . The fact is that the lack of wingers is only one of our problems -- we also lack any kind of link-up between Torres and the rest of the team . It 's true that we 're *holding* the ball in midfield , we 're just not doign enough with it . That 's one of Aquilani 's specialties , and it 's something he 's been doing well at Juve . His crossing 's also very good , so having him and Gerrard roaming a bit in attacking positions means that between them and Torres , we 've got 3 very versatile players who can shoot , cross , pass and run with the ball . That 's a lot better than we 've got now . The current 'creative ' outlet in the team is the erstwhile Joe Cole . As for the whole 'he does n't want to play for Liverpool ' thing , that 's based on tabloid bullshit . He 's playing in Italy now after basically being discarded by the club he signed for a year ago , of course he 's going to say nice things about his current ( and possibly long-term ) employer . Just because the tabloids pretend a comment or two is newsworthy does n't make it mean anything .
you 're right its only one of Liverpools problems , but central midfield is not one of them . the link up between torres and everyone else will most likely sort itself out when the team can maximize the width of the pitch and draw the defense out towards the sidelines leaving Torres a little more open . right now they barely need to watch the sides because there 's no John Barnes bombing down the side ready to whip one in . they 're crowding towards the middle eating balls to Torres for lunch . and for Aqua , he has said personally that he would be open to staying in Turin , he went as far to say he wanted Glen Johnson to join him at Juve , his agent even said that Aqua was looking to stay , as far as im concerned that 's enough evidence I need .
But if we had a better passer in the middle , it 'd free up the likes of Gerrard and Cole to drift out wide more . Not an ideal solution , but the fact remains that he could have been valuable to the team , and fulfilled a role the current squad ca n't . If he gets sold in the summer , so be it ; but would n't we be better off with his talent for a year , than without it ? It does n't make sense to put the kind of clause in his deal that 's there , because it means you either lose a good player for less than you paid , or he goes to Juve , lowers his value and comes back . It 's lose-lose for Liverpool . Agent talk is all bullshit , amplified further when it 's re-reported in the papers . As I 've already said , most of his statements have been more diplomatic than anything else . If Liverpool do n't want him and he 's playing somewhere else already , do you expect him to piss off that club too ? When he left , he said he 'd like to come back . Now when the Italian media ask him how he 's liking Juve , of course he 's going to give a diplomatic answer . The Johnson thing sums up why you ca n't put any stock into this . Yes , he said he 'd like Johnson at Juve . You know what came right before then ? A reporter asked him which of his ex-Liverpool teammates he 'd like to play with at Juve . It 's a horribly leading question that then gets left out of the sensationalized reports . Stop letting these people tell you what to think .
sorry but I would rather have a quality winger and 3 or 4 quality CM 's than way too many CM 's and no quality wingers . just my two cents . agree to disagree .
Video Evidence : Rumored Liverpool target Antoine Griezmann
If this kid is half of what this article says ... we need him
Guardian : John W Henry 's prudence can help Liverpool build £40m summer kitty
If you look at most of these comments by Comolli or Henry , to me at least , it seems like we 're going to buy in January but wo n't say that so we do n't pay Man City type prices . I believe at least one or two players will come in January . Maybe I 'm just being super hopeful .
Anyone else purchase new LFC gear lately ?
Yeah I was gon na buy a new jersey - but only after New owners were in , however still havent got around to it . With our dollar ( Australian ) getting better ill just do it via the internets .
I was looking at the training presentation pants , but i 'm not sure how they 'd fit on me so i 'm debating
A baby kit for my nieces daughter and will be ordering both my nieces the black kits shortly .
That 's what I was going to do but it just so happened that my parents were transiting through London and it was available at Heathrow .
Sorry about your injured captain but I was right - Capello
Well Capello , Fuck You ! A friendly is n't exactly the match I 'd want Gerrard to be injured . ( Same goes for RVP for the dutch )
Nobhead . At least Capellos days are numbered . Like Hodgesons .
Hodgson fears for Liverpool without Gerrard
..because he knows that the team will have a bad November/December now without Gerrard . = bigger chance for him to lose his job .
What is wrong with this man ? You ca n't go out to the media saying that you believe the team has less of a chance to win now that one player is gone . Why not play up the other 3 central midfielders we have and try to give the team a little bit of confidence ?
I fear for Liverpool with Hodgson .
Looked pretty sharp today .
yeah we barely squeaked out that 3-0 rout yesterday without Gerrard .
I know what you mean . Every time he gives a press conference I find myself watching from behind the sofa .
He 's need to have some balance , I think that 's the key . If he came out and said 'Losing Gerrard will have absolutely no impact on us , as all the other plays will play better than they can the rest of the year round ' , everyone would call him a fool . IMO , he should have said something along the lines of 'Clearly losing someone of Gerrard 's talent is going to affect us , just like it would any other team . However , this will give other team mates a chance to impress . ' - I 've clearly been playing too much FM11 ; )
Goal.com has heard from a guy at the pub that Glen Johnson told some mates that he expects to join Inter in January . So I guess that 's a confirmation that he 'll stay at Liverpool and keep on working then ?
There 's no source more reliable than a guy at the pub .
More so if its on Goal.com
/r/ Liverpool , do we sell or play Ryan Babel ?
I think he would rather play Black Ops than play for Liverpool .
I think all he needs is first team football.. I would loan him out to another english club for a season . then bring him back in the left wing role .
It 's kind of like the situation that Torres was in during the World Cup and the beginning of the season . We knew the talent was there it was just a matter of it coming out and Roy needs to find the right place for Babel . He needs to stop being played on the left wing , it clearly does n't fit him . Play him behind Torres or on the right .
Technically he 's there but his attitude stinks . Sell .
Sell.Sell.Sell . He 's got skills , but he does n't somehow fit in the team .
He needs to play up front . Drop him behind Torres , alongside Kuyt . Give Gerrard a free role . Play Johnson on the right wing , not as a defender . Fuck me , Hodgson . My Nan could do better than you , and she 's been dead 11 years .
Sell him because he 's shite . He 's a whiney little girl that 's rubbish at footy . I hope he takes Hodgeson with him .
I like Bab but he will not get played so sell him now when we will get some cash for him .
Give him to united , they deserve him .
Play him . He is obviously talented , just not consistent . I 've also noticed we are in need of some forward moving players . Selling him only hurts us now .
Who would YOU like to see Liverpool sign this January ?
Kenny Dalglish .
Arda Turan .
Start thinking about UK based players or very young players because the home grown rule is going to kick in more and more over the next few years . No point in spending 40 million on a 30 year old to be honest.\r \r For every Torres , Reina etc we want to keep we need a home grown player to balance it up ( ok , not that strict but eventually , probably )
Benzema ! !
Wanted Affelay ; would happily settle for Eden Hazard and Karim Benzema .
Diego Forlan
If we can call back Insua , I do n't think we desperately need another LB , but the other two positions are crucial . I 'd like a proper winger , who hugs the touch-line . Preferably one I 've never heard of but is really good ( shows our scouting is doing it 's job properly ) . And then an experienced striker , who 's willing to sit on the bench when Torres is fit , someone similar to the likes of Raul - seen it all , done it all , but still quality enough to fill in .
I think bringing back insua could be a good idea but i would drop as much money as possible and bring gareth bale to Liverpool . I would get eden hazard and ashley young for the wings . I really wanted affelay but i do n't think that will happen not thanks to barcelona ... : ( I think we are good on the striker front . Kuyt is a striker who is always played out of place . And Jovanovic can play there as well . Plus we have some youngsters who are good .
Niko Kranjcar
Temporary signing ? John Carew of Aston Villa . \r Recently had a row with his boss , contract expires this summer , quite possibly available on the cheap in January . \r \r Pros : Strong as an ox , good air-power , a completely different sort of striker than anything that has been employed at the club for the last decade . The exact opposite of Torres . \r \r Cons : Old man ( 31 ) , somewhat prone to injury.\r \r Still , if he could be signed for £6-8M or some sort of swap-deal for dead weight , we would have a cynical , old striker that should see us through the next couple of seasons as a supplement to Torres . \r \r January aint the time to go shopping world class players , and I would rather wait for the big spending to happen during summer.\r \r The recall Insua and Aquilani , and start tapping up Bastian Schweinsteiger for a summer move .
Mario Gomez or Mladen Petric .
Good subject . My thoughts are this : Liverpool wants to pick up some young talent . Henry and others have already expressed their need for the development of young talent so they may want to take that rout . HOWEVER , there are no names at the moment that I think they will act on . I think they are going to go with someone that they know will bring talent and experience ( for the short run ) . I 'd say if they were smart , they would look to take up Bastian Schweinsteiger . Maybe even a Lukas Poldoski would be interesting . He is young and very capable . I do n't think it 's going to be anyone homegrown ... just do n't feel it . But who knows ... .
scum manc bastard . I hope he never comes near Anfield again .
I always thought Ashley Young would be great for us on the wings ...
I think we 've already lost Aquilani : ( \r \r Definitely agree with what you said about January not being the right time to buy big players .
All the talent is wrapped up in long-term contracts , and the only thing you can plausibly snatch up for a decent price in the January window , is players who have contracts expiring this summer.\r \r I 'd rather prefer to see Liverpool equipped with a decent transfer kit and a manager who is not in a hotseat , ready for the summer . Maybe even getting some transfers over and done with in early July and in time for the friendlies , rather than last-minute purchases after the first couple of matches in the Premier League have already been played.\r
LiverpoolFC redditors , Would you like to see NESV go forward with the Stanley Park stadium or redevelop Anfield ?
Do n't know enough about the benefits of each to properly weigh in , but I have to say , the historian in me would love to see them stay at Anfield .
The way the name 'Anfield ' is etched into the heart of every LFC fan with years of history behind it , I 'd any day opt for Anfield to be redeveloped than an entirely new stadium .
Anfield . Anfield . Anfield . It 's the greatest place on earth and I never understood the desire to leave . I was made up to hear staying is an option again .
redevelop . it just would n't feel right if home games were played on another pitch other than anfield . also , i assume that redeveloping costs less than building a completely new stadium . at this point , i 'd rather see investment on players , coaches , trainers , etc more than anything .
It is my DREAM to go to anfield . Would hate that fact that when i finally head over to England there will be no games there
I think we need to move to Stanley park . The only real argument to stay put is for nostalgia . I mean , if you look at Anfield it 's surrounded on all sides by houses , shops , roads , so even if you do redevelop how are we going to increase the capacity ? We badly need to do that to help compete financially with the mancs , arse , chelsea etc . And it 's not as if the new site is miles away , you could almost hit Anfield with a stone from there . Imagine a world class 60000+ seat stadium , we could bid for european cup finals etc , it would mean so much to the city as well as the club .
Stanley Park . Now I love Anfield as much as anyone with red blood , but still , some times a club outgrows its grounds , even when those grounds have 118 years of history to them . There 's no room to expand but up , large parts of the stadium is from the sixties , and will probably not be able to handle another level of stands built in height . Hell , Centenary Stand/Kemlyn Road has already had a second tier added to the original architecture . I guess it 's time to accept the fact that Stanley Park is a better option . A 60,000 seat stadium means 15,000 extra tickets on a sold-out matchday . The proposed 17,000 seat home fan section will be 5,000 extra seats compared to the Kop . The design plans means for this to be a mountainside of red-clad fans , a wall you should be intimidated from running towards . So I say let 's take the Shankly Gate of it 's hinges , and move them 300 yards .
Go ahead with the Stanley Park stadium , but call it Anfield ( a la the new Yankee Stadium ) .
There is always the possibility to expand . It 's just a matter of cost vs benefit . How much would it cost for how many new seats . I I say keep Anfield . It 's just the right move . I could not , and will not try to imagine the Red Sox playing anywhere else besides Fenway . Even if it is a new , huge stadium . Sometimes it 's just not about the money , ya know ?
Looking at what NESV did with Fenway Park 's renovation , it would be great to see similar results at Anfield . Edit : Bring back standing sections FA/EPPL !
Exactly . Also , the new design should keep the same intimate , 'cauldron ' feel which visiting teams find so intimidating . \r Emirates stadium is the perfect example of how not to do this . Its all very open and airy and sitting in the away section is n't intimidating at all .
To the North West side [ here ] ( http : //maps.google.ca/maps ? oe=utf-8 & client=firefox-a & ie=UTF8 & q=anfield & fb=1 & gl=ca & hq=anfield & hnear=anfield & cid=0,0,3968871368551314494 & ei=U3rtTNA5iYycB46-ue0B & oi=local_result & ved=0CFYQnwIwBg & ll=53.431165 , -2.962468 & spn=0.00233,0.004383 & t=h & z=18 ) Those houses are all virtually abandoned buildings . Why not turn the pitch 90 degrees , and exand that way ?
I agreed . Call it New Anfield ( as planned ) and get on with it . It 's right next door to Anfield , so it 's practically the same as redeveloping it anyway . Anfield is also Everton 's old ground .
Yeah well , I think you should drop the standing section idea , particularly if you claim to be a Liverpool supporter .
There 's no way it will be called New Anfield . The naming rights for such a stadium will generate huge revenue that no owner in today 's financial climate will turn down just for the sake of history .
Standing was not the reason for one . It was vast overcrowding of the section . Think about the Spion Kop and the idea it operated fine for well before and after that terrible oversight that April at an unfamiliar stadia mind you . I understand your worry but standing sections and stadia for that matter still exist in a safe environment across the globe , ( ie Borussia Dortmund ) . Ever since Anfield became an all-seater , the energy emanating from the Kop has decreased . When you have people already standing , they are more likely to sing and clap .
Sure , but the stadium still has it 's default name . See The Emirates/Ashburton Grove . The stadium is called what the fans call it .
Go and stand outside the kop , right in front of the HSG , and explain your views to all of us who know why Anfield is all seater and always will be . The kop is rubbish now because the only people who can afford it are middle aged blokes . It costs about 1 weeks dole to go to the match now and middle class , middle aged men do n't create an atmosphere .
I do n't know one Arsenal fan who calls it Ashburton Grove . The stadium 's name is whatever you see every day in the paper , repeated over and over on TV , in your match programme and splashed all over every piece of literature to do with the club , etc etc . You ca n't get away from it . Maybe a few die-hards will insist upon calling it 'New Anfield ' but 99 % will go with the name they see emblazoned everywhere . Besides , wo n't the default name be Stanley Park ?
Fair enough . If you read the Fifa evaluation for the 2018 world cup bid , it 's referred to as New Anfield , not Stanley Park .
95 % of polled fans want Hodgson out .
Fernando - aim for Perfection
Hodgson says Pacheco has a 'long term ' future at the club . Great , now could you play him please .
once again dani has had major disciplinary issues , showing up late to practice , not giving 100 % , etc . ca n't blame him completely when he came here because of rafa benitez , now is coached by roy hodgson but many of you know riera punched pacheco in the face during training , which is partly why riera left the club . but at the same time nobody punches nice , professional guys in the face
He 's not that good . Yet .
> but at the same time nobody punches nice , professional guys in the face [ Counterpoint ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joey_Barton ) I 'd like to see more of the guy play too , but I agree with you ; if there 's any truth to the reports about his behavior ( and I 've mostly only seen them in tabloids and forums , so I do n't completely trust them ) then it 's hard to really blame Hodgson for not playing the kid .
unless dani fucked mrs hodgson up the arse , there should n't be an excuse to not play him .
good points . i still question pacheco 's character tho
Club confirms - Carragher has a dislocated shoulder . Could be out for several weeks .
Give Danny Wilson a shot . I think he more than deserves a chance .
We *should* be OK if we get Agger back and Skrtel/Soto stay fit .
Sky is now saying 3 months . & # 3232 ; \\_ & # 3232 ;
I really do n't know what could take Soto out . Possibly an RPG , but I hear that the FA tends to frown upon players using them on the field . Except for Atkinson . He would maybe consider a free kick .
And if Kelly plays .
Did you see him shit himself when Carra yelled at him earlier ?
Yeah . I think he set a new record for quick kitting up after that yell .
FA cup third round . Man U v Liverpool . You could n't make it up .
Bring . It . On .
mouth watering to say the least .
Would have liked someone a bit lower league to start off with , so that some of the youngsters could get a run out , but a chance to beat Man Utd at Old Trafford is nothing to sneer at .
Noel Gallagrrrrrrrrrrrrr . Then again , if we 're still searching for that top form by that time then just maybe a win could spark something . But I 've probably said that line for every crunch match so far this year for Liverpool .
If we win , it 's gon na be AWESOMENESS . But if we lose , silver lining : Less matches to play in the season ?
What 's the Noel Gallager reference ?
Noel and the guitarist from kasabian were picking the teams for the draw .
16 Conclusions On Spurs v Liverpool
Reina for me . No question .
torres should get that armband now that carra is out . he and ngog could have won that game for us , even with maxi 's blunders
Lucas gets my shout . He 's been immense recently , and it would be a great reward for him . Torres , while still immensely talented , has seemed a bit lazy recently .
my logic is that lucas already gives 110 % , so giving it to him would n't necessarily do much . the armband could , however , make torres try much harder to lead by example
Yeh , guess that makes sense - it 'll be interesting to see who Hodgson picks in the end .
i like your logic . not too sure how he is in the locker room though . i have a hunch reina 's gon na get it/deserve it , b/c that guy is awesome
Lucas also got the armband in a Europa League game earlier this season when the Scousers were injured . Probably him or Reina , I think .
A former player under Hodgson talks about him taking charge of Liverpool
Pacheco & Kelly extend their contracts at LFC
Good news , Lucas next please .
I 'm almost surprised that Pacheco agreed to . I 'm sure he could be playing first-team football somewhere . But whatever- great news .
Great news . Pretty sure a few months back Pacheco was certain to move .
i 've been singing his praises for years , he 's finally coming into his own . I 'm so happy about it .
With Hodgson treating the Europa League like it is some sort of European Carling Cup , I 'm quite sure he will get chances to show off in the future too .
Some people will never come around though , no matter how many good performances he puts in .
Well to be honest , that 's what it is for a club with our standards . I 'm sure more of the senior players will come out and play the further we advance , but to be honest , LFC fans could care less about it and it 's just a sharp reminder that we 're not in the Champions League .
Is right . I felt ashamed watching that bullshit match yesterday in the middle of nowhere against nobody in an empty ground . Humiliating .
Agreed . I was almost hoping we 'd lose our qualifiers for it , considering how shallow our squad is at the moment .
lfc are playing the backups , though . it is always good to get babel/shelvey/kelly and co. some first team experience , and while it 's not CL soccer , europa imo is pretty much midtable competition ... definitely not pushovers .
Some of these transfer rumors are starting to really scare me .
If were lucky Roy wo n't be around to make any transfers .
Did you see that John W Henry tweet from yesterday ? > The number of daily LFC rumors is astounding . Someone should start a blog keeping track of the actual percentage that end up being true .
having cassano would be nice , even if he does n't score goals he could at least kick gary neville in the balls .
Funny thing , I got Antonio Cassano in FM2011 : /
Why ca n't we play the kids , Woy ? [ Forty million dollars , the kids do n't stand a chance . ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=eLqokTb7TvI )
I think that part of what liverpool are not buying in the winter is going to be because we are going to get a new coach in the summer ... . I can dream ca n't I ?
More and more i 'm stating to think he is n't for Liverpool . Our 2nd halves are pitiful , whether we 're 1 goal down or 3 goals up , they 're sad .
The fact that he 's still in charge now tells us that the owners are going to trust him at least through this transfer window .
In Fifa 09 I brought David Silva over to Liverpool and we won everything . That was long before Man City mind you .
Good reflection of how things would transpire in the real world .
Everyone ripped off the Torres Bounce , so let 's give him a new song !
Sorry , I thought I had time stamped it to skip to the chorus , but apparently I do n't know how . So skip to 1:25 for the jam . I heard this on a Torres goals comp I downloaded , and instantly wondered how it was n't already being sung by the Kop .
His armband proved he was a red , torres , torres Youll never walk alone it said , torres , torres We got the boy from sunny spain , give him the ball hell score again Fernando Torres , Liverpool No . 9 Na , na , na , na ... .Torres LOVE THAT SONG
There 's no way on gods green earth the kop would ever sing anything by abba . The fact that it has been so widely copied should be an indication of how good it is .
Disgraceful article shows distaste against the City of Liverpool and the Tragedy of Hillsborough
This is exactly one of the reasons why after '21 years ' it is still as talked about today . The lack of respect shown in this piece is absolutely staggering .
> Correction : Because of a reporting error , Alex Beam 's column on Tuesday in the 'g ' section mischaracterized the 1989 Hillsborough stadium disaster involving Liverpool soccer fans as a 'riot . ' The official investigation into the disaster , which cost 96 lives , placed the blame primarily on poor crowd control and inadequate stadium design . Of course . Apologize but leave the bullshit there . Also , gloss over the behavior of the s*n , make us seem irrational . Great .
Sent : alling your critique of NESV 's purchase of Liverpool FC innacurate would be giving it too much credit . To be inaccurate , it would have to present false facts- instead , it simply presents your opinions . Incredibly ignorant opinions . High-profile players wo n't come ? LFC has one of the most coveted strikers in the world in Fernando Torres . England International Joe Cole just signed this summer , when he had his choice of Champions League-bound clubs beckoning . Liverpool is a legendary franchise , even at its lowest point , and it will always draw talent . As for your accusations of 'one management template for all , ' you 're dead wrong . Henry has openly said that his tactics used for the Boston Red Sox might not apply to English Football , and he 's appointing people to decide the best way forward . For the first time in its history , the club has a Director of Football , whose job it is to determine transfer targets and plan long-term strategy . Henry 's modesty is refreshing- would you prefer another Mike Ashley , who makes wanton gut decisions against the advice of any sane experts ? The rest of your rant about the supposedly insane fanbase is n't even worth addressing , but if you think it 's extreme or crazy to maintain a boycott of a paper that profited from slanderous headlines , exploiting the dead in a tight-knit community , then you 're just a piece of trash . Todd
This article is Disgusting . If i was John Henry i would go to town on this .
If anyone has a phone number I 'll happily give him a bell in the morning . Cunt .
> Their excitable Internet fan sites [ ... ] is publishing yet another exhaustive history of the incident , and still actively promotes a boycott of Rupert Murdoch’s tabloid The Sun , two decades after the paper accused Liverpool fans of pickpocketing the corpses , and other outrages . Boston Globe you say . So if we raise a hue and cry about how this non sequitur based article is *just* to sell copy , Alex will say , 'I told you so . ' Clever girl .
do n't over react , i 'm american and it 's mildly embarrassing to see fans get so outraged over some mid-level writer publishing a piece nobody would have seen anyways . have you read the title of his article ? we 're all playing exactly into his hand
My friend who 's from Boston has told me the Globe is a rag of a paper , so it 's not surprising they do n't know anything about football . Shame on them for letting this fraud of a journo write crap like that .
I e-mailed him calling him a fucking idiot and highlighting the fact that he expresses this life quality through his Hillsborough piece in unparalleled fashion .
Newcastle United 's Andy Carrol to Liverpool ? ? ?
I 'd rather we get a world class winger ( or two ) and a left back before thinking about another backup striker . N'gog and Babel ( and Kuyt ) can lead the line if needed as shown from last nights performance . \r \r Although we need some width to feed Torres . Eden Hazard would be more than welcome . And a new left back so Konchesky does n't play every game . He is our main weakness at the moment.\r \r EDIT : Sorry a bit off topic , i have n't really seen much of Carroll . Hopefully will this weekend though !
I agree but i have a bad feeling that a striker or two will be sold soon . Hazard would be amazing . I really wanted affeley but no dice on that one .
It 's too early . Carrol is a great player at the moment however I still feel that this just might be an extra good season for him and that he might not be able to replicate his talent elsewhere . But hey ... who knows ...
NO . He 's only 21 and is amassing a record not unlike Joey Barton 's .
today 's game is proof why i think Andy Carrol would work in N'gog 's place ...
First , I think Carrol would be a good addition , and can see your reasoning , as LFC is clearly targeting young English talent . Having said that , I agree with Z_Z_T- we need wingers . I think Eden Hazard should be our priority target .
he can play , that 's for sure . but , he 's still a thug .
I completely agree about needing wingers and would love for Hazard to be a liverpool player but after watching todays game and n'gog being a disgrace we definitely either need a different striker or we need to change our formation to a 4-2-3-1 ...
Let 's not forget that Pepe Reina just became the fastest Liverpool goalkeeper to amass 100 clean sheets - taking just 198 games .
Pepe is a tremendous keeper . \r \r If only we were able to grab a goal or two in the matches where he kept those clean sheets , things would 've been even better . \r \r 65-35 possession , 22 shots on target , 14 corners , and a 0-0 scoreline . That 's been what has been killing us for season after season .
Hero , enough said .
I was sad to see Jerzy go to the bench after such a fantastic 2005 Final but in retrospect I could n't be happier with his replacement .
Liverpool reportedly 'plan Asian academy ' in Indonesia
Any one have an opinion on this ?
Koptalk is a horrible site with an even worse reputation . See here http : //koptalkinsider.wordpress.com/
Koptalk ? Downvote . Not gon na click .
I feel like if he does n't have any motivation he would n't really put effort into it . He did well last Serie A season because the World Cup was around the corner and he wanted to make the team . If he committed himself to the club then I would n't mind seeing him in the squad .
not even bothering to click the link , everyone knows koptalk is a horrible website .
It more than likely wo n't happen but would you like it to ?
It would never happen , but he 's a million times better than a lot of the starting players even when he does n't try .
His main strengths were his technical ability and speed , he 's lost the latter . He 's not a playmaker , and on the wing I do n't think he would be any better than maxi or kuyt so there would be no point having him really .
Yes : that it 's bullshit .
Rumours and speculation , but I 'd take him if he wants to come .
No thank you .
not really . id honestly rather have dempsey ; o
Has anyone really browsed the LFC official store ? I mean , REALLY ? ?
You 'll never wipe alone
Yeah , when I ordered my jersey the array of offered items with LFC slapped on it was mind boggling . LFC Toothbrush ? [ Check . ] ( http : //store.liverpoolfc.tv/products/accessories/toiletries/toothbrush/pid-28751 ) LFC Shower poof ? [ Check . ] ( http : //store.liverpoolfc.tv/products/accessories/toiletries/single-white-sponge/pid-33090 ) LFC Dog collar ? [ Check . ] ( http : //store.liverpoolfc.tv/products/accessories/lfcpets/lfc-medium-dog-collar/pid-33010 ) LFC Egg cup ? ! [ Yeah , they 've got one . ] ( http : //store.liverpoolfc.tv/products/accessories/homeware/liverpool-egg-cup/pid-29967 )
Being from Columbus Ohio , I know how this goes . We have entire stores ( As I 'm sure they do in Liverpool ) devoted to Ohio State versions of regular things we use every day . It 's pretty entertaining however , it is a way to visually and financially show support for the club .
I was in both the Anfield store , and the store down by the docklands mall ( not sure the name exactly ) and was stunnded as some of the products available .
> The Ohio State FTFY
Good catch man .
Lucas offered new contract .
Good . If people ca n't see the value of Lucas to the team , they do n't understand football .
Good , he has worked hard and deserves it : )
this lad is gon na captain brazil and ( hopefully if he stays ) liverpool someday , mark my words .
I 'll admit , I 've been a critic in the past , but his performance against Chelsea convinced me he has a bright future . It 's a good move to hold onto him .
I have heard he is one of the most brilliant players on the pitch in training . Let 's hope we see that carry over into the big time like we saw that glimmer of brilliance against Chelsea .
Fantastic . Really enjoying the Lucas/Meireles duo as of late .
The lads talented but somehow he did n't fit in all these while . But recently he has shown what he is capable of and I guess we should keep him .
I 've said for years Lucas would come good , he will be world class in a few more years . I felt sorry for the lad , I think Babel will come good as well .
If you told me this a month ago I would have called for some firings , but I think he 's really finding his feet . Being 23 , I think there 's still room for improvement . Let 's hope it 's the right move !
Now , if only those that originally hated on Lucas but are now claiming he 's brilliant would take a moment to think that they currently are hating on Roy Hodgson .
Lucas is , actually truly , making me give Roy some time . Good thinking
I did the same thing with Rafa before he won us a european cup : / trying to change my ways a bit . Hodgson inherited a really shitty situation . Although we can nitpick about certain performances earlier on in the season , we are only 4 points away from 5th place . Not bad considering the amount of uncertainty we saw at the beginning of the season , and this is still before the winter transfer window !
David Ngog : 'I must make the most of my time at Liverpool '
I had to stop reading that after the tenth shampoo reference .
I 'm coming around to Ngog ! He 's showing signs of developing as a nice number 10 . He can hold up the ball , is n't bad with his feet , and has scored some big goals ( v. United , v. Arsenal , for instance ) with very limited opportunities . He 's only 21- he can still become a great .
I hope he goes on holiday and stays there .
Totally agree . Not that they 're the same type of forward , but in terms of fulfilling potential Ngog seems to me like a better version of Babel . He just seems to keep getting better .
Liverpool 'make offer ' for €25 million new Torres partner
Please do n't post this sort of thing here . it 's speculative and not verified by any parties involved . the only source they provide is Tuttomercato.. 'nuff said .
Hodgson sounding like he 's heading for the exit
Just to answer those quotes : > 'Whoever takes my place will be in a similar job with similar players . ' Yes but anyone who takes your job wo n't make them play 4-2-2-2 . And employ tactics that a relegation candidate would be ashamed of . > ' ... we ca n't turn things around overnight and they also realise that the team I am working with is not the team I put together . ' Given his previous signings at this and other clubs I shudder to think what a team he puts together looks like . > 'I ca n't do more than I am doing , I ca n't work harder , **I ca n't work better** ' Yes you fucking can . I hate criticising a serving LFC manager but I do n't feel like I have any choice .
Hodgson out , Tiger Woods in . At least he can play away from home .
Hmm Im in 2 minds when it comes to Roys sacking . He started out horrible , and it WAS his fault how poorly we started in the beginning of the season . However , it seems now he has changed his tactics/mindset but the players are in such poor form . Against Newcastle Roy did nothing wrong..hmm except for waiting to long to make a sub , but tactically it was fine . It was the players fault we lost that game . So maybe more time is needed ? Or just get someone who has flair and wants to play attractive attacking football ... . Dunno
I 'd be surprised to see him replaced before Spring . I think NESV is still learning what they need to do/who they need to get to be a winning club , and they are n't going to make any quick decisions . Even if LFC finishes top 7 , I expect to see him replaced in the off season . In another thought , I think they 'll have the same approach to the Jan. transfer window . They 'll wait until the off season . I just hope they pay whatever Ajax wants for Luis Suarez in Jan , I think he 'd be a solid long term purchase .
I do n't care what he has to say . All that goes through my mind is 'Thank fucking god . '
He really needs to change things around in January . 1 or 2 good signings and a more aggressive philosophy ( and a couple decent performances away from Anfield , for fuck 's sake ) and he could end up having a decent season ( assuming that we acknowledge that under the circumstances , 6th place and a good Europa run would be a good return for the season ) .
I can not give this enough upboats ...
I think when you 're level with a promoted team in the 2nd half , leaving players like Joe Cole and even Ryan Babel on the bench constitutes doing something wrong . I agree , the performances were n't up to snuff , but a manager needs a plan B , and he clearly did n't have one .
Methinks the players do not respect The Woy as much as a gaffer must be . Motivation and respect for coach - both are lacking . Edit : I know I 've mixed up the tenses , but its 10.40 pm and I still have n't had lunch . Bear with me . *
yeah i think it is a lack of respect . Torres plays crap and does n't get punished for it cause he knows nothing will happen . Reina said he wants to play tonight in the UEFA game , roy just goes /ok He needs to man up . Every time he is on camera he looks like he is about to cry/burst from the pressure ... .not Liverpool standard for sure
but is n't he like that ? like generally he 's the one to react like that , regardless of where he is ? i just do n't understand why he ca n't replicate home form away ? why does n't he just have a go at it , considering his away tactics have n't given us shit ?
LFC Fan Q & A with Henry , Werner and Ayre in it 's entirety
Props to [ srs507 ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/user/srs507/ ) , who posted this to /r/soccer : http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/elaui/lfc_fan_qa_with_henry_werner_and_ayre_in_its/
Anybody else think it 's horrible that Liverpools goalie wears blue ?
Totally purple , dude .
Say ... Tested yourself for red-green colour-blindness lately ?
It 's purple
Bollocks .
http : //store.liverpoolfc.tv/products/footballkit/awaykit/adult-away-goalkeeper-shirt-1011/pid-31425 Funniest 'blue ' I 've ever seen .
Bridging The Divide : Fans and Owners
hmm not normally a fan of his writings , but this was a good read
Me neither , but it 's interesting food for thought .
My new LFC home jersey , customised !
sweet , how did you get it customized ?
It looks velvet . Which is kind of sweet . I want a velvet LFC kit now .
I do n't get it .
I bought the jersey at the Adidas store near my place , and then took it to a soccer shop who does authentic customisation . It was $ 45 for the patches and lettering/number but it was worth it .
Sparta Prague - Liverpool in the Europa league
I 'll take that , I 'm pretty confident in fact .
I 'm sure our kids can hold yet another team to a goalless draw at home then edge a 1-1 away to get through .
Liverpool P-P Fulham due to icy conditions around the stadium . There goes my Saturday . ಠ_ಠ
how long is the game postponed for ?
If you ask me , conditions are always a little icy around that stadium ... if you know what I mean .
it will be made up at a later date ... probably in a midweek spot .
Good thing all the Euro stuff is on break .
What is everyone doing instead of watching the LFC-Fulham game ?
Playing Liverpool v. Fulham on FIFA in realtime . We 're down 0-1 at half .
Homework , studying for finals . sigh .
Fifa 11
So what 's everyone doing now that Blackpool Liverpool is postponed ?
holy crap . I 've never done a real time game . Should I do a real time game or put my laundry away ... decisions .
I did n't think you could do a full time game . Must be doing it wrong > _ >
I have FIFA 10 on my iPhone , and I once beat Everton like 80-2 as Liverpool on a real-time game . Took me like three days to finish , I could n't commit to a full hour and a half
I should warn you , I was joking . But if you 'll commit , I 'll go ahead and do it for real . I imagine the score would be much , much higher at half time .
'Liverpool is losing 26-18 . Awful stuff . '
Stephen Ireland will be sold in January for around 8 mil . Should Liverpool make a move ?
We already have Poulsen in midfield . Can we afford another gamble in the center circle ? Meireles is coming good and and Gerrard is returning . And I hope Aquaman is recalled in January .
I think we have enough center mids to be getting along with . Different story if he was a striker .
I do n't like his mentality . The entire Rep of Ireland dead granny thing was a fiasco .
It 's hard to say because he was an AMAZING player at City before Mancini took over . but he then spent a whole season struggling for first team football before leaving for Villa . Now he 's there and seems frustrated , and cant seem to hold down a starting job . the skill is there , but is the form and proper attitude ?
People always said Aquilani was n't playing well or this or that , I never saw any issues with him . He performed well when he was allowed to play , I always thought .
This . We need to use the money on a forward or wing . Centre mid is covered .
If by 'his mentality ' you mean 'attempting to protect his girlfriend from media scrutiny in the wake of her miscarriage ' then I 'm prepared to give the guy a pass , even if the aftermath was a bit of a clusterfuck .
You have to keep in mind that he does n't want to come back . Hes stated repeatedly that he wants to stay in Italy , and I think we can all agree its not good for the team to have someone on the roster who is clearly unhappy at anfield .
His decision to say it was his granny that died , then when caught in that lie say it was his other granny , that caused more media scrutiny than ever would have happened during the miscarraige . Also , the fact he was very sensitive about his baldness apparently lead to his quitting the Rep of Ireland team\r \r > *The Irish Manager at the time Steve Staunton got a call from Man City saying that Stephen Ireland had implants on his bald head just prior to his trip to the Czech Republic . A Man City source told Staunton to let the team know of Ireland 's new hairstyle and to be very sensitive on passing any comments on it as Stephen Ireland was very sensitive to this occurring . Staunton told the team of Ireland 's new crop of hair but at the time Damien Duff was in the treatment room oblivious to the regrowth of Ireland 's mop of hair ... . A few hours later Ireland gets out of the lift into the team hotel lobby where the rest of the team were waiting ... only for Damian Duff to walk in from treatment to see Ireland to which he says in front of the entire squad 'What the ****** has happened to your head ? ' at this point Stephen Ireland went straight back into the lift got his gear & left the hotel . He has n't played for Ireland since*\r \r If he quits an International career for that , I question his mentality .
Fair enough .
> to have someone on the roster who is clearly unhappy at anfield . But we persist with Woy when all he can do is rub his face every time something un-Barcelona-esque happens .
But those statements came after he moved to Juve , when they started showing interest in keeping him ( which is their prerogative now - even if Liverpool want him back , the terms of the agreement allow Juventus to buy him for the pre-fixed price ) . When he first got loaned out , he released at least one statement saying he hoped to come back . You have to take diplomatic statements as what they are .
I question what the source is on that . He may have screwed up the whole process with the granny story , but would n't *you* want someone to be willing to lie to protect you in a situation like that ? You seem to be faulting his intentions , and I really do n't see what 's wrong with his intentions in that case .
I think his heart is in Italy , and I think he realizes his body wo n't survive the english game . Thats at least what I get from reading between the lines .
His intentions are fine , I would absolutely protect a loved one from the scrutiny you mentioned . However , most people would do it with a 'no comment ' kind of thing . Not make easily refuted lies about dead grannies . His decision process was what made the entire thing into the mess it became , but yes , it may have been through emotional turmoil.\r \r The source of the above story was apparently Jason McAteer , one of his team mates , but it was third hand information by the time it reached the web , so take it with a pinch of salt . Here 's [ the same story from a broadsheet ] ( http : //www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/republic-of-ireland/2323361/Stephen-Ireland-plot-thickens.html ) .\r \r I like him very much as a player , creative , dangerous and the kind of talent we need at Liverpool , but its his personal life and tendency to make odd decisions that would mean he could be a liability in the long run . Imagine him quitting after six months , or worse , refusing to play for some reason he perceives .
That 's entirely possible , I just think there 's a danger of reading too far between the lines .
Fair enough . I 'm still willing to give him a pass on the granny-Ireland issue because I do n't know how much you can judge him for his thought process under those circumstances . I 'm still not fully convinced about the whole baldness thing , but I can definitely see where you 're coming from . I 'm glad you actually had something to say to back up your opinion on this . Too many people just use the whole dead grandma story to bash him for putting real life ahead of football ( usually the 'die for the shirt'-brigade , those twats ) . That 's the main reason I questioned you in the first place ; nice surprise to see my first impression was wrong .
Blackpool - Liverpool already in doubt
Until recently I thought newly promoted clubs had to meet certain conditions regarding their stadiums , one of them being they must have undersoil heating . Apparently I was wrong .
Every club is required to have under-soil heating equipped at their ground as per Section 1 Of the Premier League Ground Criteria . One exception to this rule is when a club has *plans* to install undersoil-heating in the future . So a club like Blackpool , who is not guaranteed PL status next year may think it be wiser to just postpone installation and then head back to the Championship without the extra expenses . Not to say they do n't want to be a top flight side but are being a bit more realistic about it . But it is getting very annoying . I do n't want Liverpool games cancelled now until 2011
I 'm just hoping we 'll have a slightly stronger squad with better away form when the match does come around .
Yeah , I did a bit of googling around earlier and it seems newly promoted clubs have a year to implement the changes . I do n't see the problem with them putting the infrastructure in place earlier , it 's not as if the money spent would be lost , it 's just invested . Thing is , what happens if this weather keeps up for a couple of months , what if they end up with a backlog 6 or 7 fixtures .
Any reason they do n't have stadiums with roofs ?
I would imagine that they would need to be retractable roofs to allow the grass to grow properly , which would be crazy expensive . The weather is n't shitty enough often enough to justify the expense . Undersoil heating can cope with any issues the weather is likely to throw at them .
Liverpool sign youth pair
You have unlimited funds and every player wants to come to LFC , but you can only sign one ; who do you transfer to turn the team around ( and why ) ?
Garthe Bale . Young , homegrown , bags of potential , and he seems to be fulfilling that potential right before our eyes . Offers width to the 'spine ' of Gerrard and Torres .
Xabi Alonso
Anyone who does n't answer 'Leo Messi ' is either delusional , or does n't watch football .
Messi comes to mind ? After all he plays out wide or behind the striker and is basically unstoppable .
Fernando Torres from 2008-2009
Eden Hazard . Loads of potential once he gets his work ethic under control . Edit : This guy has won the French Young Player of the Year award twice , and has the playmaking ability to play behind Torres and make him lethal again . And also , he 's not Spanish , so he wo n't want to go play for his home country ( Barcalona , Real Madrid ) in a couple years when he reaches his full potential . O , hey 's also been called the next Messi and Ronaldo . http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=Zai4r5dU9kQ
Rafa Benitez
This is going to sound nutty but I 'd love to see Beckham join up . Sure , he 's a little past his prime but you 'd have to agree that he 'd add a lot to the team .
I think this is probably the best answer . Plus it would free Dirk Kuyt from playing on the wing and allow him to play CF behind Torres . Maybe I 'm silly , but I love seeing him there .
But would he be as successful in the EPL as he is in Spain ? Based on Argentina 's performance in the WC ( controversy vs Mexico , loss to Germany ) , could he handle the physicality that is the English game ?
I think he would be a great strike partner for who we have now . : P
You are right , it does sound nutty . Why , if anyone at all could be added to the team would you add someone whose best football was played nearly a decade ago ?
I disagree that he would add a lot . Traditionally , he played on the wing , but he 's never been strong at taking on players , which is exactly what we need . Nowadays , he tends to play more of a holding role , which is something we do n't really need . Also , as pointed out by someone else , he 's past his prime .
That was more of a Argentina thing than a Messi thing .
Messi was one of the best players in the WC . He was just extremely unlucky with his shots .
Can he handle physicality ? [ Yes , he can . ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5sJhh-YcvbU )
Maradona did n't bring Cambiasso and Zanetti , two defenders who 1 . ) Play together anyway 2 . ) Just wrapped a Champions League win . They were really weak in defense for some reason .
Sigh . I admit you 're right . Maybe I just wanted SAF 's blood pressure to spike .
Really gained some respect for ol Leo after watching that . Still though , Its not that kind of physicality the EPL brings . It 's more shouldering and brute strength rather than kicks and shirt grabbing . Maybe he 's just fast enough to beat em anyway
RAFA
An excellent tribute for Rafa . Fitting since he is back home .
Well Rafa has been sacked by Inter . You have to feel for the guy at least a little bit .
Welcome back home Rafa , you belong in Liverpool and no where else .
nope not at all . treble winning team to ... ?
Why should we feel sorry for him ? He 's an idiot . Should not be allowed to speak to the press , EVER . Always hangs himself .
I was one of the many calling for his head earlier this year but its clear he 's miles ahead of Roy and there are n't too many other managers that would take the job at LFC after what he 's done to us . I 'd take him back for the rest of the season and see what he can do under NESV . It ca n't be worse than where we are right now surely ?
heavily injured team ?
It would be worse simply because of the amount of mockery that would be possible : (
I do think Rafa has unfinished business at Liverpool but it would be a really bad idea to put him in charge mid-season . If he does n't turn things around then all the media and anti-rafa brigade would yell I told you so . And to be honest it would look pretty classless for us to sack a manager and then replace him with another manager who 's just been sacked . I think we should wait until May and then look at our options .
I agree but my fear is that Roy will sputter along and get us to mid table with maybe one decent cup run and no trophies . This could be enough for the owners to give him another season of poor transfer deals and mid table mentality . \r \r I guess I 'm scared of settling for Roy who 's clearly out of his depth .
You have to love things like this around the holidays . makes you proud to be a Reds fan .
great video . Torres , what a legend
Absolutely touching .
You 'll never walk alone little dude .
Heartbreaking and heartwarming .
Where do I sign up for that package ? Also , Stevie 's priceless : 'Carra ? What you wan na see him for ? '
Class acts , the lot of 'em .
Diouf Watch : He 's still a cock .
I 'm just going to let [ F365 's Mediawatch ] ( http : //www.football365.com/mediawatch/0,17033,8749_6609174,00.html ) handle this one : > **A Wasted Life** > Entertaining stuff from El-Hadji Diouf this morning - as we 're sure you 've already read . > In the midst of rather oddly comparing Jamie Carragher to a selection of table condiments , a priceless pot/kettle moment when he claimed Carra 'just loves to talk ' and accusing his nemesis of being 'jealous ' of him , Diouf came out with this gem : > 'I took my country to the World Cup and to the finals of the African Nations Cup . > 'So Carragher ca n't criticise me because , to me , he has done nothing with his life . ' > Honours won by Jamie Carragher : Two FA Cups , two League Cups , one UEFA Cup , one UEFA Super Cup , two Community Shields and , of course , one Champions League . > Honours won by El-Hadji Diouf : One League Cup and a £5,000 fine for spitting at a Celtic fan . > Also , we enjoyed this bit from Diouf 's diatribe : 'Carragher does n't sell papers , Carragher does n't sell shirts . ' > Hmmmm . According to figures released in August about shirt sales both internationally and domestically , Carragher was in the top ten for the 2007/8 and 2009/10 seasons . > Diouf , it seems , was not placed . > **And While We 're On The Subject** > From The Sun 's treatment of the above story : > 'Carragher rapped the Senegalese ace in his recent autobiography . ' > Release date of Carragher 's 'recent ' autobiography : September 2008 . Typical that this asshole is slamming Liverpool in the fucking S*n .
Can someone explain why there are LFC fans who want Rafa back ?
I do n't know if bringing Rafa back would help but nobody else knows . I did n't want him sacked in the first place , he was in the process of restructuring the team and based on what he had achieved before deserved atleast one more season . Hodgson was an incredibly uninspired choice , I think he 's a good coach but he 's not Liverpool material . If we had quality replacement lined up e.g . Pellegrini , Hiddink etc the clamour for Rafa to come back would n't exist .
The same people that were loudest calling for him to be sacked when we ended 7th place are now saying he is the man for the job . As a Liverpool fan of 25+ years its depressing to me to see this kind of fickleness , and is the sign of the times . I never wanted him to be sacked at all , seeing as the year before the bad season we were [ genuine title contenders ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008–09_Premier_League # League_table ) , but the fans got their way.\r \r Now that they perceive Roy Hodgson to be the devil himself ( hint : he is actually pretty good ) , they are desperate to sack him.\r \r If those kinds of fans get their way , Liverpool will have a brand new coach every six months , each of which will try to make their own mark on the squad and youth teams , each time restarting them , and we 'll end up treading water . I 've said it before but nothing permanent can be built on shifting sands . \r \r Take SAF as a benchmark of what can happen when you trust a manager , let him build a team , make long term strategic decisions . If a manager is terrified he 'll lose his job if he loses three games in a row , then they 'll play safe each game.\r \r I 'm actually getting pretty annoyed here about all of this talk of Rafa coming back . I like him , respect him , but to bring him back now would be an embaressment seeing as we sacked him not so long ago . Perhaps those vocal fans will get their way , and when we end up 7th , 8th , 9th the next few seasons and they are screaming for rafa to be sacked , I 'll be here again posting the same stuff as now.\r \r
They blame the owners for the state of the team , not Rafa . Plus Rafa won the CL and FA Cup .
I for one would like to see him get another crack of the whip , because I believe most people do , in fact , learn from past mistakes . Rafa benitez is a brilliant tactician . He won La Liga with Valencia . With Liverpool knocked out Barcelona at the Camp Nou by putting Arbeloa on the *left* side to nullify messi . He beat Inter Milan , Real Madrid , Chelsea , Juventus , Arsenal , and of course AC Milan to win the Champions League . He got Gerrard and Torres into the World XI almost every year . He went head-to-head with Fergie , Wenger , and Jose Mourinho as a genuine peer . Unfortunately what let him down in the end was a couple of poor purchases ( Aquilani and Johnson are good players , but we needed an attacker ) , playing too defensively against weaker teams , never accepting any blame , and he was a really poor man-manager . So while I would n't mind him getting another crack at Liverpool , the time is not right now . Give someone new a chance , maybe a younger up-and-coming manager ( would love to see the Dortmand manager at Anfield , unfortunately he probably wo n't leave Germany ) and if that does n't work then go back to rafa . But I think we all agree Roy is n't our man .
I do n't think its the same set of people mate , the people who want Rafa back are the people who did n't want him sacked in the first place .
They blame the people who 've been at the helm of the team for > 6 months for their place ? That seems quite silly .
You seem pretty with it . You want to take a crack at the post ? : P I just think many of those accomplishments were irrespective of his ability
I never wanted him sacked , but now that he 's gone , his time with the club 's over . I still like the guy , but bringing him back to Liverpool would n't be the right move , in my opinion . Fantasy Football suggestion : Woy for the rest of the season , then bring in Unai Emery from Valencia ( possibly with Ever Banega or Juan Mata tagging along ) .
I meant the old owners , of course . Rafa had no dealings at all with the new owners .
Hmmm , hire a young ambitious coach from Valencia , sounds familiar . Just kidding , I would like Emery to come here provided he 's got a excellent long term plan , plus the guy looks like Robbie Fowler .
Part one of a six segment documentary of the Hillsborough Tragedy that occurred in the 1989 FA Cup Semi-Final against Nottingham Forest . The result : 96 dead .
As a 22 year old I was way too young to remember Hillsborough or Heysel . But I thought it was extremely important that I educated myself on what happened that day to understand Liverpool FC , it 's fans , the City of Liverpool , and the bond between Everton and Celtic better . But most importantly never forget the 96 Liverpool supporters who lost their lives that day . So please , If you do n't know much about Hillsborough take the time to watch this documentary , or read up on it on Wikipedia [ here ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillsborough_disaster ) . It breaks my heart that this happened and I think it 's vitally important that all Liverpool fans understand that we are the greatest club in the world with the best fans in the world and we lost 96 of them for no good reason . it 's something that needs to be said and we all need to know what happened on that day in April at Hillsborough Stadium and the aftermath . The lies from police , the Sun Newspaper 's Kelvin Mackenzie and his lying sack of shit article , the Taylor Report , the Memorial game up at Parkhead , The support from Everton , It all needs to be remembered . Every last bit of it . **You 'll Never Walk Alone**
As I survivor , I wonder why you put this up here today . Nobody on the LFC reddit will be unaware of Hilsborough , Nobody old enough to have been there needs reminding and I doubt there 's a Liverpool fan anywhere on earth unaware of the tragedy .
sorry to disagree with you , but you 're wrong .
Genius .
thanks buddy
Also thanks for speaking on behalf of every Reds fan ever and saying that they know everything about Hillsborough . Nice work , I bet it 's true . Anyway , have a nice holiday .
Thanks Secret Santa ! ! ! !
what a sick gift ! ! ! < 3 reddit
JEALOUS !
Damn , I need to sign up for this next year .
best secret santa gift i 've ever seen .
That is so nice . Grats man .
I 'm so jealous mate !
Who does LFC need to sign in January , and why ?
Pretty sure that I read that Hodgson wo n't be getting much/any funds in January but will have $ 40 mill to spend in the summer . Rememeber when teams are buying players in the premiership over the next few seasons , their priorities will be that the player is either young ( 21 or under ) or home grown .
Eden Hazard
Any decent attacking fullback or mid would be fine , because tactically that is where our problems start . We need people to feed Torres from distance , give him space , and let him work his magic . I 'd love to see Suarez in a Liverpool kit , but I doubt it would happen . I do n't know if the EPL would be a good place for Ronaldinho , but it would be interesting to see how he would play in a completely different environment with a team that is lacking so much in creativity .
I think you 're right with Suarez . He seems like a no brainer and I think the idea that Ajax entertained Liverpool 's offer proves that we could make it happen . I 'd be perfectly fine dropping 25m on him
Do n't want Suarez , but I 'd love Cazorla . One of my favorite Spanish players and someone who 'd be a regular in almost any other league . Javi Martinez is another one I think would fit straight into the side , but Bilbao are not going to let him go easy . Do n't think Cazorla is going to happen either , Villareal are doing well and he seems happy there . Sad as it is Liverpool do n't have too much pull in the transfer market , especially for foreign players . It 's hard to know how much transfer activity there 's actually going to be this January . I 'd like to see a couple players brought in , but I think we 're going to have to turn to France and the Netherlands for them , we 'll be prioritizing reliability and potential .
1 . Luis Suarez or Karim Benzema - Striker to either partner Nando or replace him . A proven Goalscorer , only 23 and languishing on Real Madrid . 2 . Arda Turan/ Keisuke Honda/ Adam Johnson/ Eljero Elia - Creativity and Wing Play . period . LFC need a different look when plan A fails someone to spark the team into a a different look . Wheteher its trickery or plain willingness to take a man on and beat him . 3 . Eden Hazard/ Yann M'Vila/ Antione Griezmann/ Cahill- These are all linked but really they 're promising players in their positions who could grow into the stage of LFC . Not Top quality yet but for money and number of seasons they offer NESV a viable foundation to base a side . edit : grammar
I wonder what Comolli will bring to the table in this regard , given his track record . Hopefully he 's got a couple of players up his sleeve that he 'll be getting the owners to bring to LFC .
or Gareth Bale .
spot on what you say in point # 2 . Watching the reds smash their heads against a brick wall for 90 minutes is never fun . Sometimes it comes off , like against Villa , but most of the time its no problem for Wigan to stop 'em . Need somebody to throw a monkey wrench in the opposition defense
Adam Johnson : Liverpool’s Missing Piece ? | Kopsource
[ Looking for this ? ] ( http : //www.kopsource.com/2010/12/adam-johnson-liverpools-missing-piece/ )
Would love to see him at the club , though City would be stupid to give him up .
yeah thanks i 'm still new at this whole deal .
agreed , he can be gotten on the cheap though , Rumor has it he wants to leave in search of first team football . nice username by the way .
Yeah , that 's pretty much what I thought about it . Still , if City do end up selling him , Liverpool would probably be preferable to them as compared to their *immediate* competitors . This is , of course , assuming we 'd even have the money to purchase him and pay him . NESV are saying the right things at the moment , but we should n't get ahead of ourselves as to how much they 're willing to splash around . I think this talk of him leaving is also premature . Sure , he might be frustrated by his lack of playtime . On the other hand , he 's got a fat paycheck , a place in an outstanding squad that 's only going to get better , the very real prospect of CL football next season and probably a league winners medal in the next few years if he stays at City . Realistically , we ca n't compete with that for at least another couple seasons . I 'd love to have him , but he 'll be wearing that damn sky blue jersey for some time yet , I think . ( Also , as an aside to this discussion , I *hate* when we call a single player a 'missing piece ' . Even when it might have been true a few seasons ago , I did n't like it ; it 's especially grating right now when there 's clearly 4 or 5 missing pieces ) .
Thanks : ) Very scandi username yourself as well . If he can be had on the cheap , I would take him in a second . Brilliant player .
so we are a puzzle now waiting to get put together
hey liverpool fans of the u.s. can you guys watch liverpool games online streaming ?
[ MyP2P ] ( http : //myp2p.eu/competition.php ? competitionid= & part=sports & discipline=football ) should still work for you guys . I do n't think there 's any restrictions on justin.tv in the US , so that should work too .
Most games are hosted on [ ATDHE ] ( http : //www.atdhe.net )
I usually use SopCast , and I get the stream links off http : //myP2P.eu For most premiership games it 's easy to get streams , but for the Europa League games it 's much more difficult , and if you do get a stream chances are it wo n't be in english .
Also [ RojaDirecta ] ( http : //www.rojadirecta.org/ )
ATDHE steals most of their streams from the good people over at [ MyP2P ] ( http : //myp2p.eu ) . Please consider that when linking to them : )
Finding streams on myp2p is such a pain in the ass . ATDHE is so much easier .
Most of the streaming sites are stolen from myP2P . such as channel surfing . or is it surf the channels .
Once you get to know the best ones , it 's generally pretty easy . Also , check the forums , people are usually helpful at suggesting the best .
Liverpool table bumper bid for Utrecht striker Van Wolfswinkel | Premiership News | tribalfootball.com Your thoughts ?
If this article is true , how do you feel ?
Tribalfootball is the least reliable football 'news ' site around .
Bugger .
> - Fixture congestion means we get matches every 3 days in a couple months . And Torres picks up a knock in one of the first of those games , never fully recovering until October 2011 .
negatives : Roy hodgson gets to keep his job
I think it 's a bit silly to assume we 're going to have a stronger side come january . I do n't think the reds are going to pick up anyone and even if they do I doubt he will improve the team THAT significantly . ... despite me really wanting something new .
> Fixture congestion means we get matches every 3 days in a couple months.\r \r Not too thrilled about that considering the matches we had after the Chelsea fixture ; the draw against Wigan 3 days later was so terrible , our team looked like they 'd gone on a binge ; and 3 days after that , the loss against Stoke , we got destroyed !
'We get to pretend 2 games in hand is the same as 6 points in hand . ' Lol , I already read us as 6th on the table ! We all do it..
I did n't assume anything , that 's why I said 'hopefully ' and 'might ' .
No offense dude . I was just saying .
No problem . I know how you feel , I 'm a little put off by the inexplicable optimism of some Reds lately . Sure , I 'm hoping for good things to happen , but that does need to be tempered by some realism . High expectations are not doing the team any favors now .
lol . what do you mean ? We 're winning the title ! Arsenal looked shite today against Chelsea and United is losing their first of the season to Birmingham tomorrow : P
Well , you 've convinced me . Anyone know where I can get a Premier League trophy tattoo done at midnight ?
Stevie G sure loves his socks .
x_x
Former Red Avi Cohen passes away after motorcycle accident .
There 's a minutes applause at the start of tonights game for him . Sad news RIP .
Promising youngster Daniel Ayala returns to Melwood after injury ends his loan spell at Hull
While I agree that Hull have every right to keep the player till the end of his loan contract , they sure acted like a bunch of pricks by aggravating his injury .
Crosspost from red and white kop from e2k
Was just reading that like 10 minutes ago . Small internet .
Does anybody find it fascinating that whenever there is a Rafa discussion , fans from other clubs claim to have a more informed opinion than the fans who actually follow the club ? If I was the owner I would bring Rafa back just to say a big fuck you to everybody who talks shit about him .
Do you have a link to this ?
I had a feeling there was a few RAWK people here : wave
Hopefully one day /r/liverpoolfc will be RAWK without the avatars and militant mods .
Not just fans - its the pundits as well . I 'm sick of hearing commentators and columnists speak for us as one . We are many and we have many different opinions . I think I saw a poll on Koptalk ( ? ) that had us split right down the middle on whether Rafa should come back .
http : //www.redandwhitekop.com/forum/index.php ? topic=257840.360
No militant mods , you say ? *FIRST WARNING**
Thanks .
Goddamit ! I did n't even mention Rafa either ... \r \r whoops .
LFC v Wolves on the telly ?
What a fucking disgrace of a game . A shite performance by everyone on the team , if Wolves did n't win this one I 'd say they would have been robbed . The games will come thick and fast now in January , and I 'm not at all confident .
I 'm pretty sure it 's live on Sky 1
It 's on Sky Sports 1 and SS1 HD , there is a bunch of streams that can be found here if you ca n't get it ; http : //www.myp2p.eu/broadcast.php ? matchid=99750 & part=sports
Fucking Hull ! Hodgson blasts Hull City for unnecessarily exacerbating Ayala injury .
Kind of nice to see Woy take a stand for something ... even if it IS blasting a Championship side over injuring an academy player .
Blessing in disguise . Ayala is a nightmare .
how so ?
He 's 20 and promising . At best , long-term injuries only hamper his career . Explain to me how this is a 'blessing ' ?
Have you watched ANY of his appearances for the Reds ?
Yes , the ones he made when he was 19 in an injury-hit backline . It 's a bit fucking much to be happy that the guy 's injured , both logically and as a 'fan ' of the team .
Did n't say I was happy he was injured , douche . Just happy that he 's not getting games , because he 's a nightmare- not even close to ready for the EPL . Do n't question my dedication to the team because I can see when a player is n't worthy .
> Blessing in disguise . Do n't backtrack , asshole . Of course he 's not ready to play , that 's why he 's out on loan . You have to be a moron of the highest order to find positives in a young player aggravating an injury . Please stop talking to me .
You 're talking to ME . 'Blessing in Disguise ' is not the same as being happy he 's injured . Just do n't want him playing , which Hodgson indicated he would be if not injured . You 're a fucking idiot .
> Please stop talking to me .
But you 're making it so fun ! Your mastery of the language is astounding !
> Please stop talking to me .
Liverpool seal January transfer of French Winger/LWB Sylvain Marveaux from Rennes
Dont know too much about him , but he 's a winger , it HAS to be better than what we have now . Not liking the 'currently injured ' though . Wonder if he or Young would be able to play on the right ... .do n't need to 'great ' left wingers and no right ones .
Hardly even heard of the kid . Still , we 're in need of a complete rebuild of the entire squad , that probably wont be over until Gerrard and Carra are both near retirement . A £1,5M youngster who popped in a few goals as a winger last season , is a good start . We need more of the same sort though . Young , hot prospects , and several of them . The academy have n't delivered too many capable players in the later years , and until that turns around , grabbing pre-developed youngsters in their twenties for sums under £2M is probably the best shot we 've got .
Dude WTF is wrong with us ? We have Aurelio in our ranks . When this guy is fit he is one of the most brilliant player to watch . Guy has skills going forward , brilliant crosser , decent pace , good defender and awesome set play taker . Its so sad that the moron of a manager of ours is insulting some the most skilled players in game like Agger and Aurelio for Konschesky !
Versatility is a beautiful thing . If he 's got pace and ball control like the article says , along with scoring a few goals I 'm all for him ! Let 's just hope the 'currently injured ' bit does n't end up being the reason he 's only 1.5m
my thoughts exactly , I 'd just be worried about his groin problems . if he 's healthy I see no reason why he ca n't contribute some width and pace to Liverpool 's attack/counter-attack
He can also play at LB , which is a godsend right now . Let 's hope this is the first of many hits for Comolli .
Sorry for my laziness , but is Insua ever coming back ? After about thirty seconds of research most signs point to 'yes ' .
While I agree Konchesky is n't really a good fit for our team , I think Agger is more favoured at center back . Additionally , Fabio is ok ( and I only see him improving his form as the season progresses ) , but I always love adding some depth to the team . Depth is additionally good if its versatile and young ( 2 checks for Mr. Marveaux ) . More than anything though , I think this rumored signing proves the management is doing something . They realize we 're in a bad place and need SOMETHING .
If rumours about Insua coming back in January holds up , I seriously do n't believe we need another left back . Insua , when on form , is definitely on the level . And that 's saying quite a lot for a kid who 's currently 21 years old .
I hope his confidence has returned . He looked very promising for most of his career with us , but last season clearly wore him down . With a little confidence , experience and aggression to his game , he could be a really good full back .
That 's what I 'm hoping happens , but it 's nice to have the option . Still , I hope this is n't another case of prioritizing versatility over quality .
Is europe out of reach for Liverpool now should they just concentrate on avoiding relegation/ coming above everton ?
LFC still have 20 games to play . you get Hodgson out and concentrate on winning . period . Let the dust settle and see what happens . If we go out and win some games on the trot in January , Europe will be a lot closer than it looks now . The season is n't anywhere close to done .
The league has n't been this even in years . Every team is losing points . Anything is possible really .
It 's looking harder , but I still think 6th place is the most realistic target for us this season . We obviously ca n't compete with Arsenal , United and City , and even with Chelsea 's poor recent form I ca n't imagine them slipping that far . Spurs tend to screw up fairly regularly , but they should still take 5th fairly comfortably . What 's worrying is narrowing gap in quality below that .
I still have faith in a good finish , but i do n't see them competing for the top 4. hopefully we can get some solid players ( Ashley Young ? ) when the transfer window opens .
I think we just need to right this season off , maybe we will have a good run in a cup competition , but I think any hope of qualifying for Europe has gone . > maybe it 's time to lower expectations and realise that they 're just not a big a club as they used to be , This I totally disagree with , as it stands now we have a squad capable of finishing 5th/6th if we were n't managed by agent Roy . Who knows with a little injury luck and another team having a nightmare season we might even squeak fourth . If we can keep the current good players and strengthen in key areas we could suprise people . Looking ahead 2-5 years I 'm quite optimistic actually . The mancs are in debt up to their eyeballs and whiskey nose will drink himself to death in the next few years with a bit of luck . Abramovich is bored with chelsea and has said he wo n't spend as much as he has in the past . Spurs have a good squad at the minute but they do n't have the income we do and I think it 's easier for us to attract players because of our name and history . City will be there for a while , Arsenal too as long as they keep wenger . So in summary I think we can be optimistic in the medium term .
Is it too cynical to hope for Champions League or nothing ? I honestly feel like LFC is above The Europa League ( although there are some undoubtedly great clubs in the competition , to be fair ) . As we 're in a period of rebuilding , it would be nice to have a less-congested fixture list , rather than a ton of midweek games in Russia to earn a trophy that wo n't truly satisfy any of us .
Roy hodgson it 's ok to make mistakes ... ... .just fix them
I 'm starting to think that hiring Roy may have been a mistake
i agree and do you know who this dalgish guy is ?
AND COULD HE PLAY ! !
something that has stuck with me from last night
I think this was more directed at Roy for replacing a striker with a striker when we needed to attack and chase the game . We should have reshaped and taken off a midfielder/defensive player . That 's the way the Guardian MBM saw it anyway . \r \r I hope we do n't stoop to booing our own players . Its counterproductive and embarassing.\r \r Managers , yes . Players , No . : )
can i have a translator
'fucking wanker , fuck off ! '
i remember that too.\r very memorable reaction .
I remember that too ! It 'll prolly appear on a 3rd Eye on Soccer AM
Classy guy .
I 'm going to guess the words 'fuck off ' and 'wanker ' , or some combination of the two , were used there .
From 'Enraged Scouse ' to 'Comprehensible English ' ? Ca n't be done , sorry . You could have linguists and lip readers working on this for years , with no breakthrough .
I 'd be on the pitch after watching that ! : )
this reminds me of the [ scene ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=PgPH0tYXJrA ) from austin powers
Spot the odd one out .
So many more starting with unemployed ; out of his depth ; feel free to elaborate and expand .
that 's better Roy
We 'll see if that 's who he plays . What a fucking year , all we seemed to do is campaign to get rid of inept or corrupt people . I just want to watch us play proper football .
I do n't know . I still prefer Gerrard to be played as a central midfielder , rather than hanging around in the pocket behind Torres . That way he can stroll up and collect loose balls at 40 yards . Based on form this season , Mereiles is just as capable as Gerrard to make something magical and wonderful happen together with Torres . I 'm just worried about this turning into one of the regular affairs , where the only attacking option being tried , is a long ball up for Torres , who has to try to receive it with a defender all over him . I 'm also a bit tired of Torres being the sole attacking option . Just about everything seems to be about feeding him chances , even when playing with Babel or N'gog as a second striker . But ach well . Rumors has it that Hodgson will be sacked unless he grabs three points tomorrow . To be honest , after Wolves and his comments after the game , I would n't be sad to see him go .
Personally I 'd have Johnson , Kyrgiakos , Agger and Aurelio comprise the back four . Kuyt , Lucas , Meireles and Babel in midfield , Ngog upfront and Gerrard playing off him .
well lets hope we can snag Ashley Young to give another option .
Are there any Liverpool fans who think Hodgson should remain manager of the club ?
Empire of the Kop took a [ poll ] ( http : //www.empireofthekop.com/anfield/ ? p=26466 ) . 5000 respondants and 95 % want him out . \r \r I was 50/50 on keeping him until the end of the season but after the Wolves game I do n't have any confidence that he 'll keep us from being relegated .
Yeah I think we just need some good old fashioned English tenacity and Roy Hodgson is the man to provide it . Oh no wait that 's what Andy ( shithead ) Gray says . I ca n't stand to watch Woy on the touchline . Liverpool-Kop is run by mancs , I visited that site once and never made the mistake of doing so again .
Hodgson is a fantastic manager when he gets to build his team . He got to do that ( more or less ) at Fulham in three years and they did well because of it . He is not , however , the type of manager who comes in to a struggling club , plugs a whole and gets the team back on track . He 's great . He 's a talented man who will do great but Liverpool is not the place for him .
WTF is Liverpool kop.com ? There are much better fan sites out there . Oh and Woy needs to go now . Right now . He is inept . I 've never been one for abusing our own , but I 'm very very nearly there . I ca n't watch the man give interviews without cringing .
I 'd like to see him get sacked today . At midnight , the transfer window opens , and it will remain open for 32 days . I would like to see a new manager in place within a week , in order to salvage what 's left of this season , and to bring in some fresh blood . Looking at our current squad , I do n't think we can expect to get results with Roy as the manager . I really ca n't stand the idea of a manager who ca n't make a substitution until it 's 60 minutes on the clock , when the gameplan has provided less than nothing . And when the team is nil-one down against Wolves , I ca n't get behind the idea of a manager that 's sitting in his seat with his arms crossed , not even trying to alter the tactics or trying to get his players to move their feet . It seemed as if he was more busy trying to think up something for the press conference than he was trying to think up something in order to salvage the game .
I think we 're rushing to judge him , but also think the players are n't behind him . If that 's the case , then yes , he should go .
I think he is less than 50 % to blame . However things will not change until he is gone .
I do n't want to see Roy go only because everyone 's knee jerk reaction it seems is for Rafa to come back , which I do NOT want . He had his chance , and he was fired . We need someone like an Owen Coyle or a Harry Redknapp at Liverpool , but since they 're currently managing their own clubs . Maybe Chris Hughton could do great things for the club , or maybe Sam Allardyce .
Well if you 're fine with watching a bigger budget fulham then fine . His tactics so far look pretty much look like he 's trying to turn Torres into Bobby Zamora . That is , long passes onto Torres that is supposed to hold onto the ball until he gets some support . This , besides displaying his horrid lack of adaptability is not how i want to see the team play . Ignoring the fact that it 's boring as hell to watch , it 's not really been effective in the last , say , 20 years . I ca n't think of a single team in any top european league that has won anything of significance using this or similar tactic recently . Please correct me if i 'm wrong , though . This is how he played at fulham and this is how he has started his reign as liverpool manager and personally , i 'm not basing this on anything btw , i do n't see it changing in the near future . Personally i do n't support any personal attacks made against the man . But i would like to see him out the door no later than yesterday .
He is a mid-table manager , and i dont mean it as an insult . He is good for clubs with limited aspirations .
He is a good manager ; one look at his away record with Blackburn , Fulham and now Liverpool disqualifies him from being labeled any more than that .
Do you seriously think we should give him more time ?
Dude , NOT fucking Allardyce . I do n't know if there 's a manager I dislike more . Even Fergie and Mourinho do n't come close . I think Coyle is a decent manager , but not as good as the early season with Bolton has made him seem . I think it 's a small , vocal portion of the fanbase who want Rafa back . That 's almost as bad ( and unlikely ) as wanting Dalglish back . Neither is going to happen .
You sir are entirely correct . He may be a 'nice guy ' - I do n't care . \r \r I can barely watch the games now . This needs to end soon .
Right , which takes a great deal of talent in an of itself . Liverpool needs a 'top ten in the world ' manager . Hodgson is not that .
No , I 'm agreeing- he should go . I 'm just saying I think it 's possible that his tactics are n't entirely to blame , but rather that the team just is n't in tune with him .
While that 's definitely at least partially true , the thing that did it for me was just the complete *lack* of tactics against Wolves . I had no idea what we were supposed to be doing , and I do n't think the players did either . If you 're being tactically outclassed by Mick McCarthy , it 's time to go do something else .
Roy Hodgson reveals talks with Liverpool owners NESV
Tick , tick , tick ...
I know what you meant , but that just reminded me of Dexter .
Ngog v. Bolton
If Cole did n't put that one in , I wouldve said that it was a horrible sub . I thought he did well today , and think he will do a lot better if we get some actual wingers up there to support him/Torres .
I think Ngog struggles to make things happen , himself , but if people are too busy dealing with other attackers he can sneak something in . If we get a solid left winger and our CAM is playing well I believe he 'll improve . Additionally , for somebody who is 6'3 ' I would expect him to use his size more . Sure , he 's 21 and maybe he 'll get bigger , but I think if he beefed up he 'd be able to make things happen . tl ; dr he can sneak things in now , but if he got bigger he 'd be significantly better
I think he did pretty well , he is pretty good technically . His style kind of reminds me of Bergkamp , of course he 's nowhere near that level . He 's one of our brightest prospects in my humble opinion .
Ngog clearly has some talent , but I 've been very disappointed by how little he 's developed as a part of the team . He does n't really seem to have much of an understanding with any of his teammates , and some of his decision making is still poor . I know he 's still young , but he 's played enough so that he should have developed more in these areas . So far he 's worked best as a substitute when he can cause some chaos with his running , or as a partner for Babel where their movement stretches defenders .
Agreed . I also remember reading an interview with him earlier in the year in which he said exactly the same thing- that his main focus was strength training . We 'll see .
While he might not win as many balls as he should do for his height , he wins a lot more than Torres does at the moment . He 's also very good at laying the ball off to supporting players when he does bring it down . I think at the moment that 's crucial for the team .
He needs more time - give it another 10-15 games . He will be brilliant .
Happy new year Liverpool ! This is only paper talk but fingers crossed ...
My opinion is [ best summarised here ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/eug4m/the_destructive_force_of_modernday_support_my/ )
I agree , though I do n't really like Roy . That being said , I would love to have a consistent manager for years ... ..I think it 's a huge reason why ManUtd and Arsenal have had a great two decades , and to the point in your post , have also had a focus on youth building ... . Hopefully we 'll start seeing a change on Anfield soon ...
Pepe Reina commits long-term future to Liverpool .
Which is good reason to keep loving Pepe , not that any Red would have a reason to do anything but love him . Pepe is actually the player I have the least fear about in the entire squad when it comes to transfer rumors . I rather expect him to stay around for years , and becoming captain after Stevie and Carra have retired
Legend .
It 's so easy to love Pepe Reina .
A new manager on the horizon ?
Klopp is top of the Bundesliga , he 's not going to be giving up that job except under extraordinary circumstances . Deschamps has distanced himself from the job . Hiddink is even older than Roy , FSG are going to go with a long-term replacement . Rangnick has hardly had a distinguished career as a head coach . Dalglish and Rafa represent steps backward for the club , we 're not going to re-appoint the guy who was just fired and Dalglish is at best going to be caretaker until a permanent replacement can come in at the end of the season . There are n't that many realistic options to get excited about . **Rijkaard** would n't be a bad option ; hardly an extraordinary manager but he could do a good job . I 've heard **Pellegrini** mentioned and I 'd be happy with him , although he does n't have too many managerial years left . **Boas** looks good , but it 's hard to say what his ambitions are . **Martin O'Neil** is another who could do a good job , but has a reputation of being hard to work with ( and may still fancy himself for the Man Utd job at some point ) . [ **Edit** Thinking about it , he probably would n't work with Comolli , so that 's out . I do n't know if FSG are going to go with somebody that abrasive anyway . ] I 've made no secret of my admiration for **Unai Emery** , who I believe is one of the best young managers around ( and is also [ pretty damn cool ] ( http : //i.imgur.com/9ma2l.jpg ) ] but he 's also put a lot of work in at Valencia , so depending on the situation there , he 's going to be hard to attract . If we can make him a deal , though , he 's the guy to get . Great defensive organization , good reader of the game , can get the best out of temperamental players , aggressive in interviews , plays good football when possible ( but grinds out wins when it is n't ) , works well with young players and is only 39 himself . I would love to see him at Anfield . Another option , far less glamorous but fairly realistic , is **Roberto Di Matteo** . Unproven when it comes to a club of Liverpool 's ambitions , but he 's another young manager who plays good football and is a pretty classy guy . His defensive organization still needs work though , and FSG might see takign a risk on him as being too similar to the club hiring Hodgson . So basically , it 's hard to say .
Here 's what I think will happen : \r \r Kenny signed up as caretaker for the rest of the season within the next couple of weeks . In the summer , FSG ( NESV ) will appoint their long term manager , either Boas or Deschamps . If this happens I will be delighted , anything is better than Roy at the moment . Also , Rijkaard wo n't happen because he has been out of contract for a couple of months now and would be signed up if FSG wanted him .
I do n't know who 's most likely to succeed Hodgson , but I 'd prefer Staale Solbakken to take over . He 's young , ambitious , does n't fuck around with the media and could hopefully bring the club forward with his persistency . Edit : Changed 'easily ' to 'hopefully '
I do n't like to be disloyal to whoever the Liverpool manager is but the Wolves game was just about the limit . I would like to see Rijkaard or Deschamps or the ex Chile coach Bielsa . Real Madrids last guy Pellegrini would have been an interesting choice also .
I would love to see Villas-Boas , its obvious given his recent history/current form he is a new super coach with plenty of years in him to create a dominating era at Liverpool .
I imagine it will be whoever fits nesvs profile of a young intelligent , innovative manager who is prepared to join us . I think Boas , Klopp , Deschamps fit the profile better than the others . Personally I like the sound of Boas , he would be a risk but I think he could work .
Another well balanced , level headed post from this guy . Good to read , thanks . Want the Liverpool job ?
I completely agree with this . It is n't entirely fair on Hodgson , but it will happen . Liverpool will finish the season well ( playing like they did in the second half yesterday ) and King Kenny will take all the credit . I really hope Villas-Boas gets the job . He has excellent credentials and is currently unbeaten as a top-level manager ( exceeding Mourinho 's record at Porto ) . He is a young new-generation style of manager - not a former player but an educated and well-taught manager . He learnt under the best - Bobby Robson and as Mourinho 's assistant for 4 years . I like his style and I like bringing in somebody young who can work with the new style of football management . It is n't worth firing Hodgson unless we get somebody of his calibre - and we should n't let Hodgson go until we are assured that we can get somebody like that in the summer . He will be our Mourinho , and along with 4-5 signings ( young European players ) and a return to a good flowing , passing style of attacking football , Liverpool will be setup for the next 5-6 years . We need that type of long-term thinking - not more short-term fixes in the hope of moving up a few places . As a supporter , I would sacrifice finishing 10th this season in exchange for setting up the foundations of a good future .
I have heard that Rijkaard is a 'recreational drug user ' and so is out of the running .
Who is Boas ? Edit - disregard that , I just read severedfragile 's comment .
And get torn apart by you people every game ? Fuck no . I would hate myself if I had to talk to me . Also , thanks .
That 's a bit unfair . He 's Dutch , it 's compulsory .
Reds going to let highly rated Eccleston out on loan .
Good move . Bring him back experienced , game fit and sharp , like Insua will be .
Ralf Rangnick - Next Liverpool Manager ?
Beat me to the same article by about 5 minutes . I dismissed his achievements yesterday , but reading a couple articles on him , I 've changed my mind . One to get excited about ? Germans , any insight ?
He worked wonders with Hoffenheim . I think he 's a halfway decent manager who if given the proper resources could bring some silverware to Anfield . personally though , I 'd rather have Rijkaard come to Anfield and return Liverpool to the level of playing 'attractive football ' . I 'd also like to see Klopp or Low but both of those seem unlikely at this point . As long as it 's not Rafa ...
part of this article talks about how he plays high press one two passing *attacking* football .
I 'd take Rafa over Roy , any day I 'd like Rijkaard , but the idea of Rangnick certainly interests me . A new Wenger ? Yes please .
Well , Rangnick is apparently known for attractive football .
I do n't know what the chances of this are , but it would be a tremendous buy : Per Mertesacker for £10m ?
He 's a quality player no doubt . Actually reminds me quite a bit of Hyypa tall and a bit slow but makes it up with superb positioning . Would be amazing next to Agger .
It kinda seems like we need any position filled except Center back ( or maybe central midfield ) considering we have Carra ( out for a bit and on his way out of football ) Skrtel ( he 's pretty good ) Soto , and Agger . Kind of unfortunate , but I guess we 'd take him anyway .
No chance .
would be a superb buy , but I 'd like to see a winger or strike partner for Torres come first .
would be a superb buy , but I 'd like to see a winger or strike partner for Torres come first .
I 've been praying for a German striker for some time now . Personally , I want Lucas Poldolski .
We desperately need some fresh players , but we do n't have much of a chance signing mertesacker , arsenal can possibly win the league + they have a spot in the champions league ... . much more to offer then liverpool .
And he 's young enough so they could form a long-term partnership ( if Agger can stay fit ) . I know it 's paper talk , but this is one transfer I 'd love to see happen .
I think it 's an area we *definitely* need someone for . Look at the number of entirely-avoidable goals we 've conceded recently . Bolton , Spurs , Wolves and Newcastle ( twice ) scored goals far to easily . Kyrgiakos is 31 and poor on the ground . Carragher 's getting on too much , he 's old and a long-term replacement needs to come in soon . Agger 's injured too much . Skrtel 's form has been pretty mediocre this season and he needs a leader beside him , he does n't organize the defense well . We 've got young players , but nobody ready to take on Carra 's mantle any time soon . If a player of this quality is available , he 'd be a great signing .
If the papers are right , Agger could be on his way out to Juve : (
Quality of Replica Kit gone down ?
I totally agree . The lettering started to peel off the back of my home jersey only a few months after I got it . Luckily after I ironed it back on it has n't started peeling again . The 'Clima ' in ClimaCool , peeled right off my away jersey within weeks of purchasing that one . These kits definitely do not feel like they are made to last .
Meireles to miss Wednesday 's trip to Blackburn Rovers
Now things are getting serious , Ralf Rangnick 's agent says Ralf is very interested in managing Liverpool
I 'm not sure if I would mind Rangnick 's appointment . A German boss that focuses on more attacking just might be what the Reds need .
It would n't be a terrible appointment but I think we can do better . In fact i 'm not surprised he 's throwing his hat in the ring , we would be a huge step up on his clubs so far .
Now that we 're being compared unfavourably to last year 's Fulham , I think we should be humble and accept an ambitious , tactically aware manager who has a vision in mind and is willing to and capable of building a dynasty .
See , this it what gets me , we seem to have developed this negative attitude to the new appointment . I keep hearing things like , 'we will have to take who we can get ' and 'we should be happy any manager would take us on ' . This is Liverpool football club , one of the 4 or 5 most recognised clubs in the world , I 've been to places with no electricity or running water , but they knew who stevie g was . I think there 's hardly a manager in Europe who would n't jump at the chance to manage us . Especially now , I mean how could they do any worse ? It 's win win for anyone coming in .
This is what I said > be humble and accept an *ambitious , tactically aware manager who has a vision in mind and is willing to and capable of building a dynasty . * This is what you said > 'we should be happy any manager would take us on ' Umm ...
I 'm sorry but there 's no way I 'm going to be 'humbled ' to accept a manager with a career highlight of doing well in the lower reaches of the German leagues . You could make a case that Roy has a much better CV than him , and where has that got us ? I just think we need to be thinking bigger .
Nope . Roy does n't have a much better CV at all . In fact , I 'd argue that Laudrup , Rangnick et al are bolder , more tactically aware , better in the transfer market and just flat out more Liverpool material than the available English manager . Look at how ambitious and expansive Hoffenheim 's game has been . Now look at Woy 's Fulham . The players Rangnick found were better in my opinion , but then again , I watched barely half of one season of Hoffenheim . Further , when I say we 'd have to 'settle ' for one of them , I was being a bit sarcastic . It does n't carry well in text I guess . But does anyone here doubt that Woy 's neither as ambitious nor tactically aware as some of the names being tossed around since Rafa was exiled ? A manager who is ambitious , not afraid of a challenge , and moulds teams into feared opponents and irrepressible units . A manager who knows how to build a club from the bottom up . A manager who does n't play to the gallery . A manager who will not settle for second best . We need a man who will remind us of Bill Shankly . Someone who invests his heart and soul , and drags the disbelievers with the believers , kicking and screaming to the top of the mountain once more . If that is Woy , I will go kicking and screaming . If that is Rangnick or Laudrup , others will . Further , I do not accept that a big name manager will be the one . They have their own agendas , image , ego and baggage to carry around . We really do need someone who is not a banner name , who will try to mould the club but not bend himself to The Liverpool Way . We need someone to augment it , and I 'm not at all convinced that the way forward is getting a marquee manager , who is probably going to be closer to retirement than the beginning , is the right way to go . We need to build a dynasty again .
Liverpool make enquiry regarding Adebayor .
I would n't let that merc cunt within 100 miles of anfield .
Fuck . That . Shit . We would need someone that can work WITH Torres , not against him competing .
I do n't know , man . Him and Torres could do serious damage .
I guess his ego can fill the seats in the stadium that empty because of his name in the starting XI .
Michael Laudrup - Liverpool Manager ?
'If Steve Gerrard had scored that penalty we might have salvaged it ' - Roy
> [ Niqulaz [ S ] 1 point 1 hour ago ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/ews7c/match_thread_blackburn_vs_liverpool/c1bk07t ? context=3 ) > Whoop-de-fucking-doo . A goal . > Grab us another one , and Woy can spout of something about us being 'unlucky not to win ' at the press conference afterwards . We played like shit , we conceded three goals , we had 15 minutes when we did n't play like shit , we scored a goal and had a penalty go into the stands . I have an astonishing theory . If we try to play with a bit of passion for 90 minutes instead of 15 minutes , we could maybe , just maybe , score a few more goals .
One day someone will put all these ridiculous 'Roy ' quotes together in a big thick hardback book and beat him over the head with it .
Roy , I hate to be so blunt but you can fuck right off .
It 's all Stevie 's fault . Not Woy 's .
'If Roy Hodgson actually did the job he promised , we might have salvaged it ' - Steven Gerrard 's thoughts ( at least that 's what I think )
We give him 90+ minutes to win the game and he complains about the last 5~9 minutes . Really Roy ?
this was exactly what i was fearful of when we got a penalty . that it would give him the excuse to even suggest that we had a close to ok match when in reality , we played like crap .
Is he talking about his job ?
90 minutes you say ... Might be on to something there . \r \r Another gem from Roy 's post match : \r 'Very , very dejected . Poor goals to concede and that put us on the back foot . **We were too offensive** . '\r \r Hate to think what the scoreline would have been at the break if were any more 'offensive'.\r
Your post was the first thing I thought of when I saw this thread 's title . I 'm sorry Roy , but you need to go . You were awesome at Fulham , but it 's not working out here . It 's not you , it 's me .
Is right .
and Rafa.. Its his fault as well . And the supporters , and wikileaks , the floods in Australia , the delay of Half Life Ep 3 , that itchy patch roy keeps scratching on his chin ... all to blame .
What I think Gerrard was actually thinking.. 'if I miss this penalty , he 'll definitely be fired ... Hmmmm '
'Tell me WOY you cried/and WOY you lied to me . ' WHY WOY WHY !
[ Proof ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=R8MSm-ayaGo ) \r ; )
Match Thread : Blackburn - Liverpool ( /r/soccer xpost )
Where to watch in Canada ?
This games on FSC+ IIRC if you do n't have that check atdhe ( dot ) net
anyone got the link for a good stream ?
If you are in/around Toronto check out LFC Toronto : http : //www.lfctoronto.com/ and visit their pub to watch .
Always worth a [ go ] ( http : //www.myp2p.eu/competition.php ? competitionid= & part=sports & discipline=football )
Hate bad streams , but guess I have no choice ... .thanks .
Thank you ! Saved my night
working for me : http : //www.hd-52.blogspot.com/
I swear to god hodgson
Goddamnit hodge ! Already the mancs call him 'Agent Hodgson ' given his friendship with the vengeful purplenose . What the hell is his deal with Agger anyway ? I remember Agger saying he will always play an attacking-mentality game even if its contrary to team orders , and then hodgeboy insulting some random scandinavian journalists ?
Everyday I wake up and read the paper hoping to see that Hodgson has gone . Not long to wait now .
things like this scare me especially because Hodgson asks to have january to make Liverpool into his team . Letting Agger go , playing Meirieles out left , dropping an in form Maxi , & bringing in Carlton Cole ? I 'd prefer the team without your moulding thanks .
Bah . Just tell him that he will be played whenever he 's fit . That 'll have him playing about one fourth of a season , which is about the part where he is n't either either injured or on recovery .
i know i love agger why would hodgson not play him ?
It is done . Tweets from This Is Anfield say that we now have a vacancy at Anfield .
I was one of his biggest supporters but even I ca n't argue against the absolutely awful display he has put on . Lest we forget : September 22 : Liverpool 2-2 Northampton ( League Cup ) > > knocked-out ( penalties ) October 3 : Liverpool 1-2 Blackpool ( Premier League ) October 17 : Everton 2-0 Liverpool ( Premier League ) November 13 : Stoke 2-0 Liverpool ( Premier League ) December 29 : Liverpool 0-1 Wolves ( Premier League ) January 5 : Blackburn 3-1 Liverpool ( Premier League )
Thanks for the story Goal.com but I 'll wait until the official Liverpool twitter , LFC.TV , or Sky Sports to report on it .
Christmas is only two weeks late this year . ( Though it 's nine months early for my birthday )
dont count your *tweets*
[ I wonder why ? ] ( http : //twitter.com/danroan/status/23064547501809664 )
If only , he 'll still be in charge come Sunday I fear
I 'm keeping the champagne on ice until the press conference is called .
Bring in King Kenny . If not , It better be Rijkaard- who won a champions league title and 2 league championships in his 5 year stint at camp nou .
Dude , it 's my birthday today . Best present I 'll get .
About fucking time , best news I 've heard today .
I have n't seen anything from anyone credible yet , so I 'll just keep waiting .
I have supported hodgson ... I never expected much from him . I just wanted to do better then last season . I was fine with a europa league spot as long as we came in 5 or 6th ... but not anymore . I wore my new liverpool jersey in support while watching the game today and at around 85 minutes i could n't do it anymore . I love this club but this team is not working under his leadership . We do n't have the players for a 4-4-2 and he does n't see that . I removed my jersey and stopped watching the game . I refuse to watch liverpool 's games until we have a new coach . I will support the club but not the worst coach we have ever had .
Still holding my breath till I see some more concrete sources , and wishing it 's true .
I called him as a huge mistake right from the start , so did a lot of other people . I 'm fucked for the day now , hitting refresh on every website I can think of .
Damn after losing the F5 key on my keyboard due to extensive use , I am coming to think is just another rumor . Please let me be wrong on this !
Do n't forget the 3-1 loss to Newcastle too . That was pathetic .
agreed . i was one of those that insisted to fellow pool fans that we give roy more time but this is too much . we had no excuse to not score until the last 10 minutes of the game . our defense ... diouf and benjani were tearing johnson and kyrgiakos apart . no organization what so ever . these are difficult times .
TIA > Goal.com .
Tru dat .
You and me both brother .
Stay strong ! Just think , once Liverpool takes back the record for league titles and all the people who see you call you a power or a fair weather fan you van tell them about he dark times in 2009-2011 when you supported them through the Hodgson era
Apparently the people involved are having second thoughts about sacking Woy ? IDK , too many rumours flying thick and fast . But I believe in This Is Anfield more than your usual football website .
It was after the latest match , when he said if we scored the penalty we could have salvaged something , that 's when I lost the last shred of faith . Hoping for a draw when playing vs mid table or lower teams pretty much shows his belief and ambition . Perhaps after he is gone he can go and have a scotch with Ferguson and they can chuckle about United overtaking Liverpool in league titles.\r \r Yes I realise the irony of saying mid-table teams seeing as Blackburn are above us , but I 'm damned if I 'm changing my perceptions of Liverpool until we have 5+ years at mid table .
Anything my American mother says > Goal.com
Obviously not , as he 's still in place for the FA Cup match .
very true sir ... i dono now that I have had time to sit and think maybe we should give him time . it 's not his squad yet i just think that he is far to defensive of a coach.. YNWA
hahaa LOL
So I gathered . : (
Definitely true . In his defense it is tough to make bold decisions coaching when every loss increases his chances of getting fired by 100 %
i think that he knows his days may be numbered so he might as well take the risks . play a 4-2-3-1 and play young guys ... whats the worst that could happen ? they lose ? ? ?
I like it . Send that memo !
Question for Mr. Hodgson
Compare to Ancelotti : 'I 'm surprised I have n't been sacked ' , 'I have n't been good enough'..\r \r Humility vs delusion .
I would like to thank Roy Hodgson for fueling my reasons to drink .
> However , it would be dangerous to clear a lot of players out on the basis of one game . No Mr. Woy , the first name on the list is n't that of a player , I assure you .
Fucking Woy
Hodgson Signs Two New Players
He did one signing correctly but dont agree with the other . He should 've signed Yu and Suk .
See ya !
Yeah , I hear Suk is the Korean Xabi Alonso . Definitely should 've got him .
Does this mean he 's still employed ? ( Hodgson interview )
The club apparently thought it fitting to do an in house interview for this match because there would be too many questions about his job if it was open .
KopTalk has gone done , which usually means something is going on . No other reporters where aloud in for the interview . So my guess is that he is there until after the manc game .
If we fuck up the manure game he will deff be out . I bet SAF lets him win so that liverpool are worse in the long run .
Ah . Makes sense .
Yeah . That would be a rough first day for a new manager .
Nice marketing pitch !
*facepalm
Love that Konchesky is the featured player in the add
Took the words right out of my mouth
Is it fair to say that tomorrow 's performance will reflect the squad 's opinion of Hodgson ?
A lot of people would probably say that , especially all of Hodgson 's pals in the media . I think we think of the team as spoiled brats a little too much . Most of the team , especially Reina and Torres are committed professionals . They never talk to the media unnecessarily , and whenever they do they calmly reconfirm their commitment to the club . They probably did n't like playing under Hodgson , but to say they were actively sabotaging the games is extremely ridiculous . Hodgson had lost the plot completely and the players were left without a shred of tactical guidance , if we win it would be because of a competitive and coherent game plan not because the players would be celebrating Hodgson 's departure .
Well said .
'Comments from alcoholic drug abusers are not really gon na upset me ' . Glenn Johnson .
Liverpool let Roy Hodgson go – and appoint Kenny Dalglish as caretaker
Hooray ! I 'm sure we 're all well aware of this by now but let 's celebrate !
I feel bad for Roy , he was a decent guy who i think needed more time to get it straight .
Glen Johnson on Paul Merson , fantastic .
It seems to be gone from his account , but my twitter client says : @ glen_johnson > Comments from alcoholic drug abusers are not really gon na upset me and who is Paul Merson to jugde players , he was ... http : //tmi.me/5d3pt > He was average at the best of times , the only reason he 's on that show is coz he gambled all his money away . The clown ! That 's not very fantastic , but this is : @ FootballRamble > Glen Johnson 's battle with Paul Merson is the closest he 's been to an attacking player in months .
It 's Official . Roy Hodgson Leaves Liverpool
yeesssssssssssssssssssssssss !
Awesomeness Though I 'm slightly wary of King Kenny 's appointment , but hoping for the best ! YNWA .
Is daglish a temporary appointment ?
bout time ! KK get the lads playin like a team again !
Another page has been turned ... .now lets get some great players in before the window closes , and then get back to winning consistently ... ..or at least just win more often than lose !
Watch , now with King Kenny at the helm , they 'll win against Manchester United tomorrow and everyone will be like 'ZOMG ! KING KENNY IS TEH GREATEST MANAGER EVAR ! ! ! ' That being said , glad he 's back , and go fuck off Roy . Ca n't say you 'll be missed
Double Yeesssssssss ! ! !
yssssssssssss
me too . unfortunately i have only started to follow liverpool about 5 years ago , and my history 's not as strong . he has n't been in the game for 10 years ? does he still have the goods to make it ?
Yeah , until the end of the season . [ 'We are delighted that Dalglish has agreed to step in and manage the team for Sunday 's FA Cup tie at Old Trafford and for the remainder of the season . ' ] ( http : //www.guardian.co.uk/football/2011/jan/08/liverpool-roy-hodgson-kenny-dalglish )
Ca n't say . Wait and watch .
Liverpool 0 1 Man Utd Post match
Agree for the most part . Not so sure about Shelvey though . Would be great to see the team moving up the table and continuing in Europe . The next two league matches are the real tests .
> I was hoping for a furious high tempo performance but it was still a solid display.\r \r Even after the phantom embaressing penalty we were dominating until Gerrards moment of madness . I feel we would have won that game by quite a margin if the sending off had n't happened.\r \r Kenny has given me a glimmer of hope in a dark period as a Liverpool fan . He obviously has tactical know-how , listens to his players ( Agger in central defence , where he wants to play ) and made some excellent substitutions . Babel came on and played like a man possessed.\r \r What Kenny has given us is a talisman , a Braveheart like leader that can rally the troops into action . I 'm confident he 'll do it .
I 'm never one to blame a ref for a team 's performance , but Howard Webb was shit today . The penalty on Berbatov and the sending off of Gerrard was utter bullshit . That being said , it was nice to see Liverpool play the way they did . I thought they played better than Manchester United , they just got VERY lucky with that penalty
At least this would put to rest 'speculation ' that Dalglish prefers playing experienced and older players . In fact I recall reading his column in the Daily Mail where he supported Wilshere for the English national team , because regardless of is age , since he was good enough , he should get an opportunity to play .
im a fan of Shelvey , by no means is he an amazing midfielder ( YET ! ) but the potential he shows makes me feel really good about him taking the reins once Stevie G retires . i mean Jonjo is the captain of the u19 England team , and he shows amazing skill when he 's given playing time . King Kenny did right by putting him in along with Babel . this loss , i must admit , is one of the brightest things ive seen all season ( along with Torres ' 2goals against Chelsea ) the Reds played like they gave a damn , and played it out to the end . To give Manure a run like with 10men for 60mins , shows a lot .
Nobody mentioned Kelly yet ? Ok then , Kelly . Thought he was decent , he should be our starting RB with Glen as a RW .
The penalty was the kind of predictable Old Trafford joke that we should really all expect . The sending off , I ca n't really argue . I 've watched the incident a dozen times and I think if Nani or someone had done it to a Liverpool player , I would have been calling for a red card . Harsh , but acceptable .
Yes , Kelly was very good .
Especially when Kuyt is knackered .
Torres commits to contract which would see him through to 2013
Fantastic news , but Kenny needs to either give him a kick up the arse or a arm around the shoulder whatever it takes to get him fighting again .
The way he is playing , I wo n't mind if he leaves . I have been very much patient with him all the time , hoping someday he would just come back to his great self , but looks like it 's not gon na happen . He seriously lacks motivation or there may be some other problem , but time to fix the problem or leave .
should be 're-commits '
Who 'd even have him right now ? It 's definitely tempting to drop him while there 's any money left to squeeze out but , honestly , I love him . Really love him like I have n't loved a player since Kenny hung up his boots . I think he 's still great and will play beautifully again . Soon . It might not be his choice to stay anyway .
The pouting in form is indeed frustrating , but I think if we sign some support for him hell turn the class back on
this wasnt done today , must have been old news
Exactly right , and I have a feeling he will . Subbing him off against United was a brave move and a very necessary one . No-one gets a free ride at Liverpool and Torres should be proud to wear the shirt .
You 'd be fine with him going ? Without Torres we would be useless ( unless one of the youngsters somehow becomes as good as he is ) . How comfortable would you be having to go up against a side with Torres in it ? Even with his bad season , it is a hundred times better to have him in our squad than against us .
I do n't like his attitude when struggling either , but his struggling is n't his fault really . How much support has he had from the mid this year ? ? We need new players , specifically a really good co-striker , and two wingers that are actual wingers !
Who 'd even have him ? Really ? Any club in the world . Have you seen the goals he 's scored in the past month ? They 've been few and far between because he 's not getting decent service- not because his skills are gone . His brace against Chelsea and his world-class volley against Bolton prove his skills are still there . He just needs help from his team .
Credit where it 's due . We lost today thanks to United 's this new superb signing .
[ Ryan Babel agrees with you . ] ( http : //plixi.com/p/68909575 )
'New ' signing ?
It just seems we ca n't get a break at the moment . Two years ago this month we were absolutely flying in the league and on track for number 19 . Since than its been one comical disaster after another . We 've had a massive battle with truly evil owners , lost some brilliant players like Masch and Benny , lost a manager who had started to make poor decisions to spite the owners and board ( my opinion ) , fell out of the champions league and into mid table obscurity with one of the worst managers we 've ever had . We finally get rid of him for a club legend , go to OT with a fired up squad in the correct positions and formation only to get stuffed by a diving muppet and bad ref call.\r \r How long did the red sox curse last ?
It was n't a penalty , but it was close enough to understand how Webb gave it . Agger stuck a foot out & Berbatov acted well . Trust me , I hate to defend Webb , but even in Gerrard 's sending off , he was right . Gerrard jumped in with studs from both feet showing . I 'm tired of seeing players ' ankles snapped from such tackles . So I 'll regretfully accept Webb 's calls , take heart from Liverpool 's spirited performance ( Torres aside ) , and see this game as an overall good sign . We were unfortunate to lose this one .
It lasted until John Henry bought the club . True story .
It 's not the lose that upsets me . It 's just that we played well today and lost to a cheater and bad decisions from Webb . I agree with the Stevie 's send off , even though it seems a bit harsh . But the penalty ?
Webb was 25+ yds out and had a bad angle . He should have deferred to the linesman for help
If the players do n't respond and do n't give 110 % for Kenny , they have lost their desire for our club and should be sold at once .
I completely agree . now if they try and just do badly they can stay ? ? ?
Call me the devil 's advocate , but I do not know if the players would trust King Kenny so easily . Wait and watch .
He 's been at the club for more than 18 months now . Regardless , just watch these Part 1 http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dzYJp0kXYso Part 2 http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=XES-roeqd8U Part 3 http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=VNpeaYLcL20
I should 've been clearer : Has he been involved in the tactical setup , or just had the ambassadorial role ?
So what formation will we see tomorrow ? And what tactics ? Will we see players played at their preferred positions ? Agger at the back ?
Well i guess it would be too risky for Kenny to change the tactics radically in such a important match . However i would like to see Stevie G up with Torres and the Lucas/Raul pair in the middle . What a tough introduction for Ken , but will be great to see how the players respond . And Agger in FOR SURE
He 's not even had 24 hours with the team , what the hell is he gon na do tactically ? He can only pick the starting line up and give a pep talk .
It 's difficult to say but I imagine he will start by playing people in the position they are best in , ( I know , radical concept ) . I think it 's also a fair bet that he will play the youth team players more , given that he knows that set up inside out .
King Kenny 's first interview of his second stint as manager of Liverpool .
He seems like a class act . Roy 's departing statement was also very well said . Now , I only became a fan the past 2-3 years ; I 've read a bit on Wiki , but can someone enlighten me to who Kenny is ?
I think he 's got what we need The right attitude , the Liverpool background , and the tactical acumen to win some games
well he was one of the best Liverpool players ever and was manager the last time Liverpool won the league title twenty odd years ago . here 's a link to his wiki http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenny_Dalglish
Not just one of the best , but he was ranked as the # 1 in the '100 Players Who Shook the Kop ' , as well as being on the FIFA 100 rankings and being ranked 22nd in the best players of the 20th century . Dalglish is a footballing legend .
Well hott damn ! I am going to be stuck moving tomorrow ( today for you brits I guess ) but I hope to catch a replay
Purslow picked Cole , sent Insua out on loan , claims Tony Barrett ( Liverpool.no via Google Translate )
Circumventing The Times ' paywall for a second here ... \r \r I guess I have to eat up one of my statements about Hodgson and the idiocy of sending Isnua out , only to be replaced with Konchesky . That would be Purslow 's fault , if Barrett is right on this one .
I thought this for a while , I remember Roy being asked in a press conference about new signings and him replying , 'you 'll have to speak to Purslow about that ' , implying he had nothing to do with it . The problem was he 's a big Liverpool fan and obviously could n't resist playing championship manager for real .
Lets not forget Keane
Thanks for posting it , this guy probably did as much damage to the club as Hicks and Gillette combined . Hopefully , he does n't have any influence over the club now .
At least he sided with NESV when it came to it .
Kenny Dalglish : Liverpool FC does not accept defeat - Liverpool Echo
I know that it is Kenny 's first proper post-match in a decade , and that he definitely still has the 'new car ' smell about him , but I still think that this is the complete opposite of anything we saw under Hodgson . \r \r Kenny has been in charge for less than 72 hours at the moment , and in those 72 hours he has managed to get on Ferguson 's bad side , blast Webb for his efforts , and declared that losses are unacceptable .
I got ta be honest . Reading that title , I was expecting a slew of 'Kenny Daglish ' jokes along the lines of 'Chuck Norris ' jokes .
Wow . That 's um , totally meaningless .
Without exaggeration , we need at least 10 new players .
Is it too much to ask from the players to actually care about playing ? I have n't seen a bunch of uninterested footballers in a lo ... ... ..actually , that 's not true ... ..it 's been the better part of the season . I agree , we need a pretty major shakeup .
sell Johnson while he 's still worth something . Meireles had a terrible night . Poulson was completely non-existent and should have been taken off way earlier . could you imagine if we did n't have Reina ? also , is it just me or is N'Gog the slowest man alive ? we played 11 minutes of active football . once they scored you could tell all the air went out of our sails . amazing what a lack of confidence will do . also , how many times was Kelly open down the right flank and they rarely played it to him ? they kept forcing crap in the middle and losing posession .
Its time to ask 'What have you done for us ? ' to a lot of this squad . That performance was utterly dire and summed up the whole season for me . A flash of Torres genius in between long stretches of dismal passing , poor touches , no communication , terrible vision , a lack of imagination and lazy defending .
Just thinking about this makes me too depressed to speak . That last match was just as awful as all the others . I think 10 new players is just a start .
As sketchy as Gerrard has been this season , our midfield is a complete shambles without him . I was surprised at Lucas 's performance - he 's essentially one of the old guard now and could have used this game to show some leadership . Instead he was second to almost every ball and looked to have no confidence in his passing at all.\r \r At least we 're trying to play the ball out from the back now . I wo n't be sorry to see the end of Hodgson 's long ball nonsense .
the long-ball stuff was horrible to watch . reminded me of back when i was younger playing , we 'd always yell 'boooooot it ' when the other team , or ours for that matter , would do that .
Is anyone else as pleased as I am to have a legend as Liverpool manager again ?
Feels good to think like that . But hey , to be more realistic if things do n't turn out correctly , I do n't think the euphoria will last long . Though deep inside I am just praying for some miracle to see us through this season and see us through well .
Despite having lost in the 3rd FA Cup round and today 's match against Blackpool , I 'm just happy they 're playing like the team I knew when I started watching football . The fact that a legend is at the helm is sort of secondary in my book .
I 'll be pleased if we get a creative midfielder and a winger .
Me too . Some of the football played during Kenny 's first stint in charge was the best I have ever seen . I doubt we 'll hit those heights again but it already feels better - notwithstanding last night 's result .
Not with these fucking results FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU
Reds eye 'new Walcott '
I bought him for £7,500 on Soccermanager as he was rated a 70 . I expect his value to rocket on this news .
Eh ... I might just be a soccer noob , but I checked FIFA11 and he is only rated 52 : / Here 's hoping he 's got the fire .
FIFA11 is the ultimate authority on player potential ? & # 3232 ; \\_ & # 3232 ;
Gareth Bale 's an 81 . FIFA11 rankings are , for the most part , BS .
The guy plays for a League One side ( 3rd division ) and has played a total of 14 games . There 's absolutely no way that the FIFA 11 scouts would know how good he is .
Just joking : P it 'll be funny to see his rating skyrocket .
ha yeah i transfered in Bale expecting him to rocket up to 84-88 around there , but he just sat at 81 ... .one game he hit 82 : ( waste of money
Well this is good news . Dalglish admits Reds may make 'attractive ' additions in the January Window .
About time . Kuyt has a face only a mother could love .
Bring us Spice Boys v2.0 !
5 scouts leave LFC
People were blaming the previous regime for not unearthing enough talent . This might just work . Wait and watch .
He was presumably given the brief to revamp the scouting setup , which he is now doing , at least give him a chance . In fairness , who did those scouts find ? Most of the good buys and promising youth players we have are Spanish , I think the credit for that goes to Rafa .
Well the scouting department needed a change..
ROFL , I 'm glad the scouts have left they 've found fuck all in terms of Gems in the last 7 years apart from obvious one such as Torres who was wanted by every top club in the world .
Completely agree with you , look at comolli 's track record on players he 's unearthed http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damien_Comolli
All managers tend to focus on 'their old leagues ' . Houlier brought in Anthony Le Tallec , Florent Sinama-Pongolle , Pegguy Arphexad , Grégory Vignal , Bruno Cheyrou , Anelka and Cisse . Benitez brought in Luis García , Xabi Alonso , Josemi , Antonio Núñez and Fernando Torres . They both brought in loads of other players as well , but it 's easy to notice that there was a certain Frenchness to a lot of the players brought in by Houlier , just as there is a lot of Spaniards being brought in by Benitez . Kenny will have his ideas about where scouts should look for talent . It 's just the way these things work .
Spain is n't a bad place to look though - lots of talent but only really two clubs who tend to miss a lot of players as well .
The point is that managers who have worked in a league , often tend to follow that league and try to snatch up talent from their home league . As for countries worth looking into , there are talent to be found everywhere . \r \r There 's a lot of talent in Germany , but Dietmar Hamman was the last German-bred player who had a starting position at Liverpool . Mesut Özil was probably never scouted by Liverpool while at Schalke 04 . \r \r As for there being only two clubs in Spain , I have reasons to believe that Almería , Athletic Bilbao , Atlético Madrid , Deportivo La Coruña , Espanyol , Getafe , Hércules , Levante , Málaga , Mallorca , Osasuna , Racing Santander , Real Sociedad , Sevilla , Sporting , Valencia , Villarreal and Zaragoza would have a different opinion about that , only to name the first few . \r There are only two **behemoths** in Spain that can create money from thin air and buy whatever they want , but there sure as hell is a lot of other good clubs there as well .
Just out of interest , where are you all from/living now ?
I 'm in the fine city itself .
Pennsylvania . I set the alarm for 8am most sundays to watch the reds play
Bangalore , India . Most Premier League matches are played around evening to night mostly during 6.30 PM to 11 PM . But sometimes matches start around 1.30 AM and I go to work next morning with big black patches around my eyes . : - )
Cleveland , OH . Unemployment has been bittersweet letting me watch most recent games !
Boston , Massachusetts It honestly depends on what time the Liverpool fixture is for the weekend . If they 've got the 15:00 kick-off time , then I have to be up by 10:00 . The best is when they play on a Monday night at 20:00 , cause then the game is on at 15:00 . If for some reason I ca n't watch the match , then I download it .
Australia , most of the games are around 2am . Early match around Midnight . Its a struggle , but its just what im used to : ) oh and the coverage ( if you got paytv ) every game is shown live . Legit
India/Minnesota , US . I want to go to liverpool and watch every game of the season at least once in my life .
Atlanta , GA . Games are on at 12 30 and 3 pm . Representing the south !
Philadelphia area , Pennsylvania . We were so happy to get a DVR so that we could record the ESPN games when we are n't home , and not have to get up at 8am to watch games . Going back to college and not getting FSC sucks though .
State College , Pennsylvania
Born and raised on Merseyside , and ca n't imagine living anywhere else . I actually start to miss the sight of the beacon when I 'm out of town for any length of time .
I 'm from Cyprus . Currently studying in Leicester .
Los Angeles , CA . I had to get up at 6 this morning to watch them play the blue shite . I had to get up at 5 last week to see them play the scum .
Norway/Living in Toronto , CA
Austin , TX . I Tivo every match and stay away from news sources until I can watch .
Upstate New York ... I DVR the matches that I can get , but a lot of the time I have to find them on the internet .
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic
Missouri . DVR is my friend . Even if i know the result , I usually still watch if I ca n't catch it live .
From the UK , living in Belgium . Not too much of a time difference for me : D
Heart of Liverpool/ Suburbs of the San Francisco Bay Area , California . Bit of a move , there .
Right in the middle of Canada .
From Chicago , living in Boulder , CO . The games are usually early morning so i ca n't go to the pub or anything . I usually watch online and the quality is crap : (
New Zealand , though I lived in London for a few years and was lucky enough to get to a few home and away games.\r \r I still miss the Famous 3 Kings for atmosphere . The lounge with just me and the cat at 3am is n't quite the same .
Isle of Man ... currently uni in Nottingham .
Cincinnati , Ohio ! I 'm a pretty random fan
Southern California .
I 'm from New York , but I 've been living in Miami for years . I 'm one of few people who are at the bar at 9am to watch games .
u.s. but i use to live in essex though
District of Columbia
Doha , Qatar .
Columbus , Ohio . I saw a couple others from Ohio here . I think we 're well represented . : ) . For some reason I feel the Columbus Crew and Liverpool go together well .
New York City
I was talking to my brother the other day about going back home to live ( He 's in Brighton , I 'm in SF , CA ) . I get so nostalgic and homesick but usually about an hour of being in Liverpool makes me realize why I left ! Are you an immigrant or native son ?
Whenever I 'm not in India , I wish I was . I 'm English , from Liverpool , but my heart is Indian .
Same here man . Bangalore , India . Manures have their pub in our city now .
Every time I have a job get cancelled there 's the obvious financial disappointment followed by , 'Ah well , at least I can watch the match ! '
PST sucks balls . 7am on the weekend , 5:30am for the cup match against Scum at the weekend . I got up at 3:15am by mistake .
Same for me in atl . W have it pretty nice : )
Yes but in Australia it is perfect late night drinking time and most clubs show the game .
I was in Oz for a couple of years ages ago . I remember having to stay up until some stupid hour of the night to see the Cup Final , the one where Cantona scored that late , jammy goal right at the end . My neighbours were n't pleased .
Right there with ya .
Just north of Allentown here ! 18080 represent .
I 'm the same , I could n't imagine living anywhere else in England ( I find non-scouse English people a little weird ) .
I spent the night up there when I was a kid . It 'd been closed for years and was eery and derelict but the view was perfect . No running water though so whoever renovated it probably did n't have an excellent time doing the toilets !
Excellent city . My brother did biology at Leicester Uni around 1990 . The city was like the wild west , drugs and thievery everywhere . That could have just been our kid and his mates though .
I tried this once recently , for the Chelski match . I was at work all day and basically turned off my phone and did n't speak to anyone all day . I texted my wife to download the match so it 'd be all ready for me when I got back . She texted me saying 'Bloody Hell ! Liverpool won ! ' Gutted . Normally I do n't accept bookings on match days .
You = me !
When I lived near enough , I would cycle accross SF to the pub at 7am and drink 3 pints before the end of the match . You could always spot the Americans because they 'd be drinking coffee !
I know what you mean . Although , now I 've made the swich from 7am pub to 7am kitten-and-slippers it feels like too big an effort for the pub for such rubbish football .
Do you ever go to the 11th street bar for games ? I wish we had something like LFCNY in Miami .
I 've lived here all my life and I would never leave . can I ask why you left ?
Nice to know you feel that way . : - )
Yeah very recently . Hope LFC would soon start pressing things a bit in India .
Is right .
Yea pretty much sums it up as it is now . Depends on what you 're looking for but you can get that feeling if you want too . A lot of underground bars and a lot of student nights everywhere but you can find some class as well if you look for it . I like it . It 's my last year here , I do a bit of both scenarios , wo n't be sad when I leave but wo n't be glad either .
> drugs and thievery everywhere . Sounds like another city we all know and love .
Haha , California is awesome , but it really is n't a place i 'd consider settling down . Once I finish college , I 'm jetting to somewhere colder . Summers get a bit out of hand around here , plus , where I live , there are no good bars to go watch the games .
Whatever you do , do n't take it out on the kitty ! !
Why does anyone leave Liverpool ? Work , adventure , the lure of foreign lands , warm climates and exotic women . I just followed our ancestors . A lot of my family , apart from my brother , are still there and we still have the house we grew up in . I love going home and I 've always said that if me and my wife have kids they 'll be raised there .
Do you find that too ? Even when I go to places as close as Widnes or over to the Wirral , I just find them different somehow . Yet I find Scottish or Irish people to be much more normal . It must be to do with heritage .
Rose n ' Crown in Palo Alto
I used to go to Mad Dog and Kezar , the owner is a Red . But then I discovered live streaming . It 's odd watching the match in a pub with lots of different matches showing and there being supporters of loads of different teams . The summers are the reason I 'm here , I call myself a meteorological refugee .
What kind of warm climate and exotic women are you finding in San Francisco ? : )
Compared to Liverpool , SF is damn near tropical . I do feel contempt for Californians who complain about the weather too , as I 'm sure Eskimos in England think we 're nesh for wearing coats in our climate . As for women ... . I do miss English girls but California does many things very well and girls are a local speciality here !
Maybe for someone with an English accent . California girls are kind of shit , unless you playing a 'look but never touch ' style .
For someone with a Liverpool accent , this country is amazing .
Most Americans ca n't tell the difference between the Northern , Scouse , Cockney etc accents . They just lump them all under 'British ' and the ladies just wet themselves over it . You are in the right place that 's for sure .
It 's easy to support a team when they 're winning . Let 's commit to the team now that they need us .
Liverpool Football Club : Bad for the heart , good for the soul.\r \r YNWA
Keep singing lads
I 'm amazed at all the people who think we need to sell off our whole team . There is a lot of quality in the ranks ; we 're playing an attractive game with Kenny so far , and it 's just a few players that have been consistently bad all season ( Skrtel , Konchesky , Poulson )
I 'm still here . 'I 'm a red until I die I 'm a red until I die They 're occasionally black But I 'll be back I 'm a red until I die '
Cant wait to hear Anfield when we play Everton . I hope every single person in there shows the team that we are all united in Kenny ! We just need to chill , its a shame there are so many games right when Kenny took over , he needs some time . Looks like he has changed Torres attitude , let’s hope it spreads to the rest of the team : ) YNWA
My LFC scarf just came from England in the mail today . Supporting my club from USA ! Woah those last sentences rhymed , no way .
I 'll never desert my side . Never .
and do n't be afraid of the dark .
ynwa lfc
No thoughts of abandonment here . YNWA works both ways . I have a feeling I 'll have the same struggle this year in Columbus . Ca n't win them all , I guess , but it makes it so much sweeter when you do win if you 've taken a few losses first .
No problem for me . I 've never even seen Liverpool win a trophy and I still love them .
How can you not support your team ? I was born and raised in Liverpool to a family of Liverpudlians from a long line of scousers . I could no more stop supporting Liverpool than I could stop breathing .
There is some universal truths to football . It 's a game where 22 men chase a ball for 90 minutes , and the Germans win in the end . It 's not a matter of life and death , it 's far more important than that . You do n't get to choose your team , your team chooses you . And once you support a team , then that 's your team . That does n't change , ever . Sure , Leeds fans have had a dispensation for quite a few years , allowing them to cheer for another Premier League team , but they still will forever be Leeds supporters too .
I 'll always be a Reds fan , i do n't care if they 're wallowing in the Bue Square North drawing against Accrington Stanley and Rushden & Diamonds . I love the team , I love the passion the fans bring , I love Anfield . I love all of it and no one can take it away the way I feel about LFC .
Kenny Dalglish 's verdict of the Blackpool defeat
That 's good , some common sense from our manager . Keep your head down and keep working hard . At least we had some fluency and conviction in our play today . The Kop will keep singing no matter what .
The game that forced Kenny Dalglish to resign as Liverpool manager
What a mental week that was . I was up high at the back of the stand and could n't believe what was going on . Just mental .
King Kenny Exclusive !
What 's up with Joe Cole ?
He has an ankle injury , he is supposed to be back for the game against Everton on Sunday .
is steven gerrard eligible to play ? or does his red card disallow him ?
Cole is a super talented player , but he has been injured for his entire career .
He 's just a fat , chelski reject .
3 match ban .
1 down so far , Everton will be match # 2
The Future’s Bright ; the Future’s Red
I think in the medium term we will be ok . If you look at the other teams in the league I think a lot of them are about to run into trouble . Mancs- Aging team , in debt up to their eyeballs and slurgie wo n't be there much longer to keep them afloat . Chelsea- Aging team and I think Abramovich is losing interest , or at very least he wo n't be spending what he has in the past . Spuds- Have n't got the revenue streams we have and if deputy dog fucks off they will be back to mid table again . City- I think they will be about for a while yet . Arse- Depends on wenger . If he 's still there in a few years I think they will be thereabouts but somehow they never quite seem to do 'it ' , whatever 'it ' may be . ( on a side note , god help JWH 's mrs if I ever get my hands on her . )
Johnson right mid what 's your thought on it ?
Well , he have n't defended worth shit the last couple of games . The thing about trying to run him in right midfield , is that his runs will not be as unexpected as they are when he comes up from his back position . I guess some of the reason why he 's successful at coming up and finding a way to the corner of the box , is that at least one defender is bound up following Kuyt . Then again , judging from the way Kelly played , we could end up with two threats on the right side , rather than half a threat and someone who will run 12 kilometers throughout a match chasing the ball .
Seems to make sense but his crossing has been pretty poor . If I was Kenny I would drop him in favor of kelly . He has to earn back his place , he has been absolutely awful these past couple of games .
I wouldnt be opposed to selling him altogether , as an English player he will be overvalued and we may get a decent sum for him , use that money to buy a REAL right winger or left-back
It seems strange to me that the team is crying out for width yet no one has ever tried him as RW . I think it would work well especially with kelly as RB .
I want to see Suso playing on the left and Stirling playing on the right
Sounds great to me . Kelly at RB and let Johnson move upfield .
Just drop him and sell him . Useless .
[ Rumor Mill ] - Liverpool and Suarez met on Sunday night - Dailymail
Shit just got real - http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uNa37EJErKI
YES PLEASE ! ! He is best when he is linking up to a striker , so he would fit perfectly into the team . With Babel moving to , its a good move . His career has kinda dived since joining liverpool , so a move back to Ajax would be good for him , and for us . Lets hope we beat the Spurs in Signing this lad .
I can not wait until this lad and Dani star forcing their way into the first team !
Just in case you 're not aware , Suso was promoted from the Academy to first team training today alongside Conor Coady . Great challenge ahead .
With Dani , Suso , Raul , Torres , Reina and ( Saurez i hope ) We might be able to attract the Spanish speaking players just based on the amount of people we got at our club that can speak it . I heard that that’s one of the reason why Saurez wants to come , cause Torres speaks his language ... .
mmm milankakabaros always makes the best up and coming vids : o
I know i 'm going to get downvotes but why do n't clubs play youngsters that are good like this lad ?
Is there anyone remaining in the coaching team that speaks Spanish , or did they all leave along with Benitez ?
It 's great that we can attract Spanish-speaking players , but you have to remember the new rules that are ( already ? ) coming into effect . We need to have a minimum number of players on a 25-man roster who played youth football in England , as well as a few others who played a specific number of years in the youth academy at Liverpool . Currently we have Gerrard , Carra , Spearing and Kelly ? Not sure that 's enough ...
Technical Advisor is Jose Segura ; Under 18 coach is Roldolfo Borrell . Both were influential figures at Barcelona 's academy before being recruited by LFC .
According to FM2011 , it 's four from Liverpool 's academy , and another four form any other academy in England . We have Johnson , Konchesky ( ? ) , Jones , J Cole and probably more . So I think we are alright .
isnt he from the youth system though ? sort of like how arsenal only really has wilshere , but so many of their players were academy grown so it doesnt matter
Shelvey too . And Suso should qualify by the time he 's in the first team . Pacheco too , I think ( though not sure ) .
Good point , completely forgot about Jones , but I doubt Konchesky will be around after the summer . It does look like we 've got a lot more English players getting playing time than 4-5 years ago , which is nice to see for the league .
Not sure who you 're referring to , but to be 'academy grown ' means they have had to have been with the club for three years prior to turning 21 . Right now , that looks like Pacheco ( if he makes it to the first team ) would qualify . But other than that , it does actually look like we have the required amount right now .
Yeah thats what the question mark was for regarding Konchesky haha . And do n't forget about the youngsters coming through ; Pacheco , Suso , Shelvey , Wilson , Sterling , Robinson ... which will all be considered to have come through our academy if they make it ( except Wilson if I am not mistaken ) . Very exciting times indeed .
right , so it looks like this guy ( suso ) signed when he was 16 , so he would fall under the home grown rule right ?
The big if here is if they make it . Of course we want them to , but LFC have had a terrible track record of bringing in local talent lately . The only first team players brought through our youth system are Gerrard and Carragher . Though there is a lot of hope for this crop of youngsters .
He 's 17 right now , so not for 2 more years .
Hopefully that will be improved upon now , especially as Daglish has been working in the Youth Academy for the last two years or so .
Henry was asking where Kenny thought we needed strengthening ...
Kenny : '2 centre backs , a left back , a centre mid , a winger and 2 strikers . ' Henry : 'Anything you do n't need ? ' Kenny : *pause*.. 'Poulsen '' It 's harsh , but I did laugh .
It 's not really harsh . He 's been terrible so far . Spearing has been much better in the few games he 's started . Shame Hodgson did n't look at our youth players before splashing cash on an un-needed player .
It 's harsh , but that 's the style of the schtick . \r The caricatures this guy gives are great . \r \r Kyrgiakos is some sort Greek demigod devoted to war and slaughter , Carra is a bullying oaf , Hodgson is senile and thinks he 's still running Fulham . Some of the stuff from around April and the train-ride through Europe is just brilliant stuff , written by someone who has both insight and opinions on a lot of things .
Liverpool have reportedly made an official approach in hopes of signing Stewart Downing from Villa .
If this is true , I like it a lot .
hmmm not to keen on this idea
Can not see this being true , stories come from a paragraph on the Sunday Express website . Ploy to sell papers and gain traffic I reckon . Nobodys heard of him for years for the simple fact he 's done nothing .
Would much prefer Young .
I thought he was punching above his weight went he went **to** Villa . Ca n't see him in a title-winning side .
Yea not sure if I want him ...
After Liverpool announce their chief executive there will be a world class signing .
The title of this article got me really excited for nothing ... 'there WILL BE a world class signing ' ? More like you hope there will be . Also , it will probably be Downing .
AGUERO OR SUAREZ ? You , sir , have said words that have made me happier than any in a while . I 've been a big fan of Kun Aguero for quite a while . I have gained immense respect for Suarez since the World Cup and looking at his history , he could be a fantastic pickup . I would be very happy with either one .
Would love to see either . Realisticly though , it 'd take some good persuading and a good wage for anybody to come and play for us at the moment . Especially when we are now outsiders for achieving a European status next season .
aguero would have been a great signing but he just agreed to a 2 year extension . Suarez sounds very promising , and him and Torres would be great together . Van bommel would also be a great addition but Liverpool ca n't just throw money around . The new owners that helped built the red sox into a championship team are ready to spend some cash and I hope it 's done the right way . btw babel and jovanovic are out the door and maybe others .
As long as it is something more interesting than 'Warnock to return to Liverpool on loan ? ' , then I 'll be happy . Apart from that , the rumor mill has been too quiet lately . Something big is going on .
Van Bommel is also linked with Liverpool , Although he 's a bit on the older side , He 's a quality midfielder who tackles hard and scores a decent amount of goals .
I want to see Eden Hazard over anyone else ! ! A young winger who is/going to be world class !
who is aguero ?
Its just speculation but the link between Suarez and Liverpool is getting very strong . They will announce it after the chief exec so that he starts off on the right foot with fans .
This is true , however if they take the Newcastle approach of saying 'our goal for next year is to win a spot in Europe ' ( as newcastle said they were planning on getting back to the prem ) , I think most players would at least believe their chances are pretty good compared to a lot of the other teams out there . The new management team keeps showing that they are very interested in improving , they 're not going ot just saddle them with debt
> aguero would have been a great signing but he just agreed to a 2 year extension . I would n't read too much into that . It was just a pay bump and it preserves his transfer value . Win for player and club .
I like your optimism , but Warnock would be a quality signing indeed !
ಠ_ಠ
alright guys that 's cold i really do n't know who he is . i will just ask Google instead of you guys
all right , i take it back i 'm a dumbass
: )
I appreciate your sense of humor . Kun Aguero is very , very talented .
Liverpool has a good chance to sign Suarez , only good things to come after .
This is some heavy shit . If he really is this committed to signing and if he actually does ... .we could be seeing some crazy good shit in the games to come .
I agree . Suarez will give Torres a run for his money , which is what he needs right now . He is n't showing much life , and he needs to be shown how to score goals , and Suarez can show him how to score more goals .
Ryan Babel set for Hoffenheim transfer after Liverpool accept offer .
Good luck to him . He was never great , but he always had good attitude . Hope he succeeds wherever he goes .
See ya !
Bargain for them . Good luck , shame it did n't work out .
If only someone would buy him in FM2011 . He ( rightly ) complains he does n't get played enough pretty often and I 've t-listed him .
Good Riddance !
He is n't a bad player . Just did n't work out for Liverpool for some reason . I am sure he will shine someday , somewhere .
Too much talking in the papers , not enough decent footy . We should have got rid of him ages ago .
Suarez Deal Still On ?
I desperately want to see the Cannibal of Ajax in a Reds kit .
Well , if we are selling an attacking player it would make sense that we are looking to sign a replacement . Let 's just hope it is one of the better targets we 've been linked to .
There was rumours earlier on in the day that there could be a swap deal happening , with babel and suarez but that does n't seem the case .
We need depth , why are we selling at all ?
Jamie Carragher on Soccer Saturday - Video
He gives a great account of himself . He is a lot funnier than his demeanor on the pitch would suggest .
Yeah , definitely . The club 's podcasts where he features tends to be outrageous , especially The Carra Awards .
i would n't mind having him either
please please make this happen .
yea , all these articles about Suarez is frustrating me . if we do n't end up getting him , i hope coentrao becomes top priority .
Kenny drives Suso and Coady to Melwood to train with Gerrard and co .
I remember a story Robbie Fowler tells about when he was on trial as a youth team player . Dirt poor , his Dad would pick him up after training to catch the bus home . It was pissing down and dark and Kenny saw Robbie and his dad waiting at the bus stop . He picked them up and drove them back to Toxteth ( the opposite direction to Formby ) . Robbie said it was the best thing that had ever happened to him . There are more reasons than I can remember why Kenny Dalglish is the greatest man alive . I joke about how much I love Fernando Torres and I sometimes forget to breathe when I watch video of John Barnes but the feelings I ( and many others ) have for Kenny Dalglish are genuinely profound . Based on his playing , football management but mostly his qualities as a man , I love Kenny Dalglish .
Jesus this is good news for the club . This is exactly the thing that makes me smile as a Liverpool supporter . FINALLY !
Conor and Suso came off the pitch and said that for a 20 minute spell the skipper ( gerrard ) was unplayable . unplayable is that good or bad ?
This is the main reason I 'm behind Daglish as manager ; its great to see the youth players getting a chance to shine .
its basically means SG is the best
Unplayable - can not be played against as he 's so good .
400 Subscribers strong and growing !
About 3 months ago , this sub-reddit was basically dead . Great to see it slowly waking up from its sleep . Lets keep it moving upwards , and hopefully we can also keep moving up on the ladder : ) YNWA
Clearly we 're not walking alone : P
Some stats [ here ] ( http : //i.imgur.com/F9Axp.png ) , if anyone 's interested .
This is no doubt in part thanks to , SeveredFragile who accepted mod duties a few months back . We should all do our part and post stories in the subreddit , the only way to gain more interest is by consistently posting new content .
Wow . Its like the worse we play the more interest we get . At least the newbies are n't glory hunters . : )
It 's ok kid , I 'll adopt you .
I just hope we can fulfill our promise , we owe it to this kid .
What would our friends overseas think of an American playing in the Liverpool midfield ?
When I saw your headline I obviously thought 'There are n't any Americans good enough to play for us . ' However , anything that gets rid of that slap head donkey is fine by me . Just for the record , Dempsy is shite too , just not in the same league of shite as Konchesky .
Surely Dempsey would just be a bench warmer , he 's everything we do n't need another average player .
I can think of worse things than Dempsey on the team .
I thought this was going to be about that New England kid , Cole DeNormandie . He sounds like he might be our sort of player , but I do n't like the idea of signing people of Dempsys ' caliber .
in my opinion , i feel like the only reason to get dempsey is if we do n't get suarez and even then he would struggle to play because we have many players who play his position and that are as good or better than him . so in my opinion i think we should get a good striker , a defender , a good winger , and then maybe dempsey , but i 'm not sure liverpool is rich enough to do that
The FA has already said Konchesky ca n't go to another club this season . Dempsey is the only American I would even consider wanting to see at the club right now , and that 's because he 's a better winger than whatever we have now .
maybe b/c i 'm american , but dempsey is not 'shite ' . we need game changers , and dempsey does have a bit of class that can change games . great in the air , good skills , and versatile . im not saying he should start , but is he better than ngog ? yes . is he better than jovanovic ? yes . toss up between him and maxi , but i like dempsey 's toughness more .
Backup to Meireles and Stevie , sure . We only have Shelvey who can slot into that spot at the moment . I think Raul will shine once we bring in some good wingers ( Cole + Turan or Payet ) and a second striker . Maxi , Kuyt , Shelvey , Insua , N'Gog , Dempsey etc . are going to make excellent squad players . ( Edit : OMG I totally forgot about Cole . hah ) .
He ca n't play for a new club . Fulham is his old club , so he can play for them if I read everything right .
Being better than Eggnogg and Jovanovic is n't much of a recommendation .
Lets just say dempsy is not liverpool material
Does appear to be that way . He can only play for two top-flight clubs . Playing for Club A , then Club B , then Club A again still equals two teams in total .
LFC Supporters 's Committee Drawn-Up
This is dragging on too long .
Should Suarez really be our priority ? The problem is n't wastefulness in front of the goal , its the lack of speed on the flanks . I would break bank to get a fast winger in . I have a sneaking suspicion that comolli is working on getting hazard over here .
For a brief second , I thought this was regarding the snow that 's about to hit the Northeast of the U.S. ( since the last time I saw this photo was cause of that ) . But you 're right . This IS dragging on too long
ROFL
ahah yeah reckon ! From ppl behind the scenes they says its going to happen ... lets hope so
game of brinkmanship leading up to the end of the transfer window . He will only have two year remaining on his contract come summer , and is only 23 , so they probably know that they could get an extra 4-5M pounds if they close the deal in this window . 18M pounds is probably a fair price . I imagine the package would have some add-ons . The good news for us is that Suarez wants to come and play here , so there are n't other clubs in the way pushing his valuation up .
Rafael Benitez issues Kenny Dalglish support
And so do I .
I was fantasizing about Rafa coming back as the assistant manager to Kenny . But it 's probably going to remain a fantasy . Watching Rafa managing another club in the league would be really uncomfortable .
It 's pretty uncomfortable watching Gerard over at Aston Villa . That should keep you occupied until Rafa comes in and coaches Chelsea or something equally nightmarish .
oh that would never happen ... I do n't get why everyone loves Rafa so much . Sure , he won us the Champions League , but with Houlier 's team . He could n't manage the players . He pissed them off and they wanted out . We lost Xabi and Mascherano because of him . : S Sure he brought in some talent , but at some heavy expense and with minimal results .
I feel bad for Houlier over there . I hope he does well though , and by that I mean the middle of the table type of doing well .
who the fuck is Xavi ? Mascherano left because there was no Rafa . I hope you realize Chelsea hasnt won CL yet and we were regular semi-finalist of CL , two time finalist up until last year . \r \r Minimal results , I am sure your enjoying Hodgson blues . \r \r Like some wise man said , opinions are like asshole , and your one of them
Xabi . Alonso . Typo , sorry.\r \r Great , so he got us to 2nd place . YAY ! Of all the losers , we came first ! \r \r I do n't think Roy was a good option either , I was all about Dalglish .
Kenny Dalglish talks how 's hes been knocked out by the changes at Liverpool since he played and later managed .
Kind of crazy how much has changed not only at LFC ( Standing Spion Kop , League Titles , The Bootroom ) but the culture of the sport as well ( SlySoprts , Pundits ad nauseum , and influence of money in the game )
Babel set for Hoffenheim - Liverpool FC
A bit sad to see him go but good for him .
Goodbye Babel . We hardly knew ye .
So long and thanks for all the fish .
I do n't think he 's going - either Babel or the club would n't accept a 'personal terms ' clause in the contract so the deal is off .
http : //news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/football/teams/l/liverpool/9371671.stm
My bad - I heard it was off but did n't see it come back on . Hope he finds his feet there .
Kenny takes the piss out of Sky reporter about sexism row
It 's funny what a difference a few weeks make . Every time Roy had a presser I had to watch from behind the sofa . When Kenny has one I feel like putting my feet up and opening the pop corn . He got another sky reporter the other day , he was asked , 'Do you know what 's going on with respect to transfers ? ' . He replied , 'Aye , I do . Does n't mean I have to tell you though does it ? ' . Legend in every sense of the word .
Blackpool skipper Charlie Adam ready to go to war for Liverpool move [ MirrorFootball ]
Like Kenny said the other day , 'I will be spending the clubs money as if it was my own ' . I have to say I agree with him . Especially with someone like Adam I do n't see how he 's going to fit in so why would we want to pay over the odds . As much as I like Holloway , we made a bid we thought was acceptable , they disagreed and rejected it , fine . That 's how football works I wish he 'd move on and stop bitching about it .
is he really all that everyone says he is ? i mean is he going to help Liverpool ?
New transfer policy indeed . Suddenly we are tapping up players and trying to buy them on the cheap , rather than meeting whatever sums a club might be asking for a player , snatching players on free transfers , or sorting through the bargain-bins from players from Eastern European leagues .
It 's gon na be a bloody mess if he gets here , that 'll be 8 central midfielders we 'll have-Lucas , Meireles , Spearing , Poulsen , Pacheco , Cole , Gerrard and Adam . He 's pretty good at distributing the ball from what I 've seen but one of either Lucas or Meireles would have to be left out . I personally think him and Lucas could work well together but it would be unwise to rock the boat at this point in season . We need a pacey winger if anything .
How can ANOTHER central midfielder help a team with no left back and no 2nd striker : ( I 'm sure Adam is a great player , but I do n't think there 's space for him at Liverpool
Hey , how else would we have managed to find that bastion of footballing fortitude that was Andriy Voronin ?
While I agree with you in some aspects Id argue that the club is being more cautious about spending . Id hate to see the club go through another hick/gillett-esque phase .
Lest we forget men like Boudewijn Zenden . He spoke five languages , and I think he was out on the left in order to work as an interpreter for the team or something like that .
Wolfsburg table £6m offer for Jovanovic - report
> Source : Goal.com
Yep go for the sell . He is a headless chicken , no football brain in there
Make a neat little profit from him .
We should pay them to take him .
I wouldnt want him to leave just yet . We have already lat Babel go and without further reinforcements it would be foolish to let him go .
False . Pacheco is just as good and he can finally get some play time ! Bump it to,6.5 and do it !
Fulham Home Wed 3pm ET
I 'm not sure what that shape was but to be honest i like our formation now
Ajax set Suarez deadline
What 's next if the Suarez transfer does n't go through ?
I still think Suarez will go through- especially if Jovanovic goes ( as it looks he will ) . If Suarez did n't happen , I 'd hope we would turn our attention to Eljero Elia or Keisuke Honda . Do n't think we 'd go for Kenwyne Jones , because he 'd cost nearly as much as Suarez himself , simply for his Premier League pedigree .
It seems that we 're the only ones showing any explicit interest in him at this moment , and , if we increase our bid to something around 18-20 mil , we might be able to actually negotiate here . Have faith , and hope that Ajax sees that something around 19 mil is a stretch of the budget leaps and bounds ahead of a club like Man City or Chelsea .
Well there are rumours that we are interested in loaning Benzema . This would be great as long as there is a reasonable buy-out clause in the contract . However , as a realist i expect we bring in Kenwyne Jones or something simular ...
I think the next step is for Suarez to force the situation and put in a transfer request . Luckily we are the only club he wants to move to - so other bids are n't as threatening in this situation . Modern transfers are a mess because of price inflation bought on by Barcelona , Real Madrid and City . Every club now thinks that their players are worth what they price them at , not at what clubs want to buy . Third party owners does n't help the situation , look at what Chelsea are going through with Luiz - it is all because there are third party agents involved and the club need to jack the price to get at least 15-17M for themselves . Luckily we do n't have that with Suarez , but no large deal takes place without 2-3 agents each getting 1-1.5M Euro . I am being patient and letting this play out . Both sides are using the media for their own purposes . Treat what is said to the press as simply a negotiation message to the other side . If I were Comolli I would get on a plane and go out there again - and sign a pre-deal with the player ( I think you can still do those ) . On the way there I would stop in Madrid and make sure the press are there to see me in Madrid ( or Istanbul - pick a city with a top player )
am i the only one who wants coentrao equally as much as suarez ? i think he should be one of our priorities as well since we are weak at the left-back area . coentrao has showed interest already so why not make a move ? the suarez deal at the moment seems to be at a stall and the transfer window is closing very soon ...
It 's off http : //www.nesn.com/2011/01/report-liverpool-calls-off-luis-suarez-charlie-adam-bids.html
Elia would be an awesome addition to the squad . i 'm not too keen about honda though . he 's good but i 'm not sure if he has the potential to be a top class player to make a significant difference .
I think Kenwyne Jones would be a good player for us as he 'd provide an out ball for us , and Torres is good at running on to knocked down balls . The few times Ngog has managed to win long balls , Torres us usually there .
Personally , I would n't mind a Benzema loan - especially if there is a buyout clause .
Yeah read that too but are those reporters unaware of the striker shortage at Real Madrid ? No way would they let Benzema go on loan , or for anything short of 20m
Comolli really should be working his magic . That 's why the Reds brought him along . They needed someone with a strong history of recruiting players because everyone knew that these new owners were going to be in the market for some new purchases . I 'm hoping that most everyone is right and that this deal with come through at the very last minute .
Considering the reporter at that site can not spell , is poor at grammer , and does not know the difference between 'of ' and 'off ' , I believe that we can safely ignore that story .
I 'm so thankful that you 're wrong haha
I think he 'd bring something different . He 's small but quick and has good feet . Not afraid to dribble straight through defenders the way Benayoun used to . Also can hit a monster free kick .
I ca n't believe anyone would seriously countenance Kenwyne Jones
agreed on the free kicks . they remind me of juninho .
Fulham in Konchesky talks
Good riddance . I have to say , Johnson has ( unexpectedly ) put in a few great performances on the left , in both attack AND defence . Had some great mazing runs against Fulham , and the move where he cut inside and forced a save from the keeper reminded me of a certain John Barnes . Would n't be too unhappy if he was left at left back as he looks far more dangerous there , and we bought a decent backup/starter for right back . Either way , he actually looks happy playing there and credit where it 's due to Kenny .
Am I the only one who wants to see Insua and Kelly starting regularly ? Make us 4-3-3/4-5-1 . Johnson in midfield . Any takers ?
Fine . Get rid of him . All I know is that we now have Suarez and I do n't give a fuuuuuck !
If he keeps playing like he has been the past two or three games , I can see him becoming a starting leftback for the national team , as weird as that sounds .
i 've always liked playing inverted wingers/wingbacks , means they can cut in and shoot . as long as they know how to defend right-footed wingers , it 's fine . inswinging crosses , especially at the corner of the 18 yard box are especially dangerous , and he 's hit them a couple times
Certainly Kelly - been well impressed with how he 's settled into the side
I have n't been this excited since the Rafa times .
I like your optimism , even if it is a bit extreme ; ) I have to say though , for the first time in awhile I watched today 's kickoff confidently expecting a win . That felt good .
I listened to the first half here at work and got home , turned on the TV about five seconds before we scored . We held on well . The team did n't give up ; we were fighting for it ; the team is out there to play and I love it . The addition of one or two players could really give us a big boost but we 'll end up doing well either way . It really goes to showcase just how the team was not behind Hodsgon . Dalglish steps in , removes all of Hodgson 's counter-productive tactics and we start playing well quickly . The fire is burning again and I love it .
I 'm more confident in today 's ability to grind out a win , see out the game . A couple months ago this was the kind of game where they would n't get the lucky bounce and would get a draw that would stagnate their position in the 12-10 zone . If they can start winning these rough games again , I do n't see why Pool ca n't close the gap and surpass Sunderland within the next month and close out the season in at least 6th place .
It 's good to feel a little optimistic again , but there 's still a long way to go if we are to finish in the top 5 or 6 . Wow I ca n't believe that 's our aim , can you believe it ? Any way Kenny is smoothing out the wrinkles in our play , but we get pinned down in our goal way to easily . Hopefully the team will keep improving .
We 're going to win the league , we 're going to win the league , ee-I-addio , we 're going to win the league !
I would n't get too excited . It would have been a draw if Fulham had n't gifted them a goal .
I felt the defending of the lead was shabby ( I 'm not a fan of sitting behind the ball and inviting pressure , we 're a good enough team to pass our way out of danger and keep the ball ( see Wolves last weekend ) ) but all that matters is the result . The team is passing the ball well mostly and keeping hold of it much better than we were under Roy . Little of this long ball chase and run stuff thats suited more for the lower leagues is happening much anymore . Pace , placement and presence is all it takes . Long may it continue , I 'm just happy we 're edging closer to those European places .
First time I 've put money on us to win all season . I love being able to expect a win again . Meireles has been absolutely immense under the King as well . Long may that continue !
Agreed , there still is a lot of work to do . However , Kenny has the experience and know how to do it right . It 's shown over the past few weeks in the performances our team has had . With some proper signings this transfer window ( hopefully ) and during the summer we 'll have a class squad that can compete for the top once again . We are pinned down quite easily , but that may be a holdover from the Hodgson style of play that needs to be ridden of , and I think the trio ( Kenny , Clarke and Lee ) will work on that more .
Yeah and we would have drawn at Old Trafford if Howard Webb etc etc . \r \r Ifs do n't count . Only final scores .
did you forget about the Torres supposed offside ? it 's not perfect world man
I get shit scared when they put on the defense and just wait for the pressure . That 's not how they should be playing the ball . They should be playing just as if it was the 1st minute . Whenever they sit back with the ball , the chances of some cross going in is so much greater . Especially when they have a marginal lead , the last 10 minutes of a match make me want to die with anxiety .
I agree , Meireles has let loose and is playing so much better and more fluid than ever before . Top class player for sure , Kenny and Steve Clarke have brought the best out of him .
I do n't know . He looked shaken after the half . Coming out of the locker room he played very defensive and over-cautiously . Almost no forward passes at all
I could n't watch the game live and the Liverpool feed on Facebook spoiled the score . It was then pointless to download the game later .
Steve Clarke is awesome . As much as I love Sammy , except Clarke to take his spot in the summer . I hope Sammy still stays on though .
that makes sense
Luis Suarez to Liverpool for 23 million pounds
i 'm curious what formation we will run now
Fuckin ' gettin ! Awesome signing . Adam next ?
Finally , I can sleep now !
They Will have to play a 4-1-3-1-1
what are your opinions on the price ?
What 's with all this talk about him playing up front ? Anyone remember his play in the WC ? This is exactly the guy we need to shore up our defense ! : p
will suarez play against stoke , chelsea or neither .
Now who are we gon na get to replace Nando ?
could be wrong , but im fairly certain suarez can play on the wing too ? 4 2 3 1 with suarez , and kuyt on the wings , suarez probably playing a little more advanced would be my guess . edit : maybe daiglish will do a 4 3 1 2 ? that would be insaaaaaane
Would a 4-4-2 be so bad ? Meireles and Gerrard in the middle with Maxi and Kuyt outside ? That might be a bit weak defensively , but I feel Stevie is going to end up playing a quasi-holding role regardless
Most Likely Adam *maybe* Warnock on Loan . I think GJ has done a surprisingly decent job as LB , and Kelly has been immense on the right , but since the Konchesky deal has fallen through there might be issues bringing in another LB
if it comes to that , I cry
It ok guys , I 'll bite the bullet and take his place .
i 'm thinking the 4 3 1 2 with the form Meireles has been in . i really do n't think Stevie wants to play a holding role though .
I heard he was good coming in from the angle , so maybe on the wing-ish area somewhere .
no , it certainly would n't be bad . our porous defense is what worries me .
Yes it would be that bad . It would be one of the leakiest midfield in england .
you have nobody infront of the defense who knows how to tackle . might work at home against the bottom half of the table
Insua might return this summer when his loan expires , and he 's more than adequate for the position compared to what we have on left back now . Johnson has been on fire for two games running , but he and Kelly have both been more midfielders than backs , with central defenders holding back , and Poulsen ... ... requiring a time-consuming four-meter detour from a player trying to break through on a counter ?
Just being silly . No way torres leaves
we ca n't not have Lucas or Poulson in the side , I am sorry to say . Out back-4 is not strong enough and most modern football has a strong running tackling DM
agger is my favorite liverpool center back . i think he is a credit to our defense , skrtel is ok but i 'm not a huge fan of him
Agger is injury-prone , and tends to be a write-off for about one third of a season . He 's fairly good at his job , but tends to spend too much time recovering from injuries .
Fernando Torres 'open ' to Chelsea move . If he 's going to leave can we at least sell him to another league in Europe ? Please ?
Am I the only one that believes it ? I said this on r/soccer David Villa said this summer that he was 'surprised Torres stayed ' and 'thought he would move to chelsea ' No Champions League football until he 's 28 , and that 's IF Liverpool get in top 4 next season . he 's fallen out of the World XI , Ballon d ' Or voting , etc . He 's gone from being the most famous spanish player in 07-08 , selling the most shirts , being on the most billboards around spain , to being slightly in the shadows of many of his compatriots , no trophies , etc . Chelsea are an aging squad but Torres alone would change the mood of the club , and attract other players to chelsea .
[ deleted ]
Is it for sure that we ca n't get top four this season ?
Livepoolfc.tv confirms it .
There 's also nothing in there that has any sort of quote from Torres .
Yeah , same old bullshit . What sucks is now every twat reporter will be pestering Kenny and Nando about it and they 'll have to deny it .
Longshot I would say . Possible , but we 'd have to go white hot down the homestretch . I
Mm well then lets all hope for the best so that he doesnt leave . Id like to believe that suarez can make a differencealong with whoever else we sign before monday ...
More shocking revelations from the Liverpool dressing room !
DAE think the Chelsea bid is Chelsea testing the new owner 's resolve to hold on to solid players over getting mass cash ?
No . Their resolve has already been tested . They have turned down a 35mil ad a 40mil + Sturridge bid . They will not let him go for less than his contractual release fee of £50mil . They can do nothing if he wants to go and Chelski pony up the cash . It 's a test of his resolve , not the owners .
Selling Torres for 60 million pounds this transfer window sounds like a good idea to me .
I beg to differ , but that 's just because I want more than seventh place out of this season . We need to catch up to Chelsea in fourth , if we want to get to the Champions League this year . That will require gaining nine points on them , over 14 matches . Option one is Liverpool with Torres and Suarez catching up on a somewhat limp Chelsea with only a dysfunctional Drogba on top . Option two is Liverpool with £50M in the bank , Suarez as a sole striker maybe supported by Ngog , trying to play catch-up with Chelsea fielding Drogba and Torres up front . One of these scenarios still require a solid bit of luck to qualify for the CL , the other is impossible . I know which one I would prefer to try for .
I 'm hoping this is just a ploy to get some more $ . He 's only on 90k a week and he might think 'hmm , LFC really need me right now ... ' . I ca n't see him doing this to the fans , especially in this manner .
Having a shot at 4th is worth 40M+ . So we need to work out what our chances of that are with Torres . Lets say it is 50/50 , that means it costs 20M I think our chances are good - Chelsea are slipping , Sunderland will start fading soon and Tottenham can be beaten . It will take some effort , and it would be **historic** , but it is possible . I estimate we would need 33 points from the last 14 games , which is 3 losses or 4-5 draws , or a combination thereof . Grinding a win out at Stanford Bridge is critical , as is beating Tottenham at home and grinding out draws from City and United at home . We need to go the rest of the season undefeated at home , and then afford away draw or loss at Arsenal . We play the top 6 in the next 14 games , and fortunately we play all of them , bar , Arsenal , at home .
After the initial stress of the news , I am not content with Torres moving on , though I would take Kalou over Anelka . I think Solomon has a bright future and at the right club , such as Pool , playing back in his original role as a striker , he could flourish .
My thoughts are that he only has 2.5 years left on contract , so I doubt at this point he 'll be resigning ( unless it was a last minute thing , or our performances next season completely obliterate those of this season ) . Therefore , if we can get close to £50m I 'd take it , write off this season and save it for the Summer . We wo n't get £60m now , and we would n't get close to £50m in the Summer .
60 ? I guess a £50M deal is good enough too . Do n't get me wrong I want Torres to stay and I would hate to see him go . But hey , if his heart 's not with the team , there 's no point forcing him to stay . And for that money , I think we can get several talented youngsters who may be the hero of tomorrow .
I love Torres and want to see him in a Liverpool shirt for many years . That being said , No player is bigger than the club . They could use that money to rebuild and show the world they 're confident enough to win without El Nino .
If Kenny and the people behind the scenes think we can get Champions League football next year , we should keep him . I 'm just not sure we can get 4th !
That 's my fear as well . I do n't think we would go after any other players even with the new money , this window . Suarez will be great , but we need others on top and supporting , and Chelski will be incredibly dangerous with Torres/Drogba on top ... .they actually have wingers ... . Edit : That being said of course . Having a disgruntled Torres in the locker room would just enrage Carr/Gerrard , and be horrible for the morale of the team . If the King didnt manage to turn him around last night , it 's probably time to let him go for the max . Not sure if the max should include Anelka though .
No matter his intentions , in my eyes , he 's already shown his true colors . Asking to be transferred to Chelsea , even if it 's not his true intention to leave , is a low blow to all his dedicated fans . I wo n't miss him when he 's gone .
If the max included Anelka I would be totally fine with it
I am not sure if he asked to be transferred to Chelsea , or asked to be transfer listed and for bids to be listened to . That pretty much means Chelsea , Barca or Inter though - since he is on the record as being anti-City , Madrid are out of the question ( but then again , so was leaving Pool a week ago ) , and Barca do n't have the funds or really the space for him .
You mean Anelka that was n't good enough for Liverpool in 2001 ? \r \r > Anelka returned to the Premier League in December 2001 with Liverpool on a short term loan deal ... Gérard Houllier decided not to offer him a permanent deal after the end of the season in favour of signing his future Bolton teammate , El Hadji Diouf .
I remember Anelka 's career very well . He started very strongly , but was caught up with distractions and then only bloomed again later on at Chelsea . Diouf was the next big thing at the time , so I understand how Houllier came to the decision at the time ( it is easy with hindsight ) . A lot of the guys who signed under Houllier who were supposed to become big stars never did .
Theory on Torres , Suarez and this latest saga
Niceeeeee , I agree 100 % . Villas Boas would be a great manager
> Werner and Henry learn the hard way that 'Moneyball ' does n't work in Football and you ca n't nickel and dime , since players can get up and leave at almost any time . They have money to spend , but they want to be seen as taking a different approach , producing the first world class team that also is n't associated with large debt values ( as they did with the Red Sox ) . These two sentences contradict one another . I feel like your second sentence conflicts with the first . First off , the moneyball theory does not equal a nickle and diming tactic . There 's plenty of places on the internet where you can read about the theory in earnest ( so go look ) , but never has it equaled not spending money . It means spending your money smartly , which appeals to small market teams that ca n't just buy the biggest free agents willy nilly like the Yankees , and who happened to not have a lot of money to spend , so the philosophy gets that unfair label . Reading your second sentence however , clearly you understand this philosophy can go hand in hand with spending high quantities of money . Just look at the Red Sox , who employ the tactic , and generally have the second highest payroll in baseball next to the Yankees . I want the owners to employ their tactics in the transfer market and in the academies . Their focus , as it is with the Red Sox , should be building through youth in the academies and spending money ( rather small amounts or large amounts ) only quality players and not necessarily flashy names and/or quick fixes who are bought for a lot , and quickly sold for half the price at a huge monetary loss once ( due to a lack of research and analysis ) they do not fit with the squad .
I want this to be true **so** badly .
If true , it 's naturally a bit interesting on the assumed Torres ' perspective : he 's jumping on the current management for the unfulfilled promises that were made by the former management - promises that probably were n't made for the genuine reasons . Not very slick imho , if that is in fact the case .
Torres and Suarez do not share the same agent . I heard that too somewhere , but Suarez ' agent is Guardiola 's brother . Also it 's funny how theories get turned out to be way wrong a couple days later
If Torres stays ... ..
Honestly , as of late , I 'd be more worried about Meireles/Suarez/Torres than Stevie taking the offensive spot . Raul is looking deadly .
I hope he does stay other wise I 'm going to have to spend another 4 seconds making a new banner without him in it . He 's got no consideration .
Absolutely love how he has been playing . Hope that he wont lose the centre playmaker spot when Gerrard plays going forward ... ..though I guess he will
LFC reject Torres transfer request
I just do n't get it . How could he do this to us ? He 's claimed he will honor his contract as recently as last month . You 've really stabbed us in the heart Torres , seems like you do n't understand the meaning of YNWA : (
You must be bloody joking ... 40 Mil + Anelka ? ?
I 'd rather we just take the 50 mil .
What 's wrong with Anelka ? granted he 's 31 but he 's a proven EPL goalscorer which matters considering Liverpools other strikers . If we took Sturridge ( which would never happen+40mil ) our youngest out and out striker would be Suarez at 24 who by the way has never kicked a ball in the EPL . We need at least ONE striker with Premier League experience . Ngog is no good , Jovanovic plays on the wing , Kuyt too . Who else would there be ? It 's not as bad of a deal as you think it might be . Anelka can bring depth , experience and his Frenchness to Liverpool and contribute immediately , Sturridge wouldnt be able to have that immediate impact Anelka would bring which we NEED to qualify for Europe next campaign .
My concern is that Anelka was rubbish when he was with us the last time , why bring him back ?
Anelka does n't want to be here , he 's said that publicly . No sense getting another unhappy player .
That is n't really any indication of anything . There are a million and 1 factors that could have caused a slump in form . And his return to form since then makes it even more meaningless .
He was known as Le Sulk for the very reason that his attitude and temperament have been badly lacking in the past . At Chelsea he is fighting for a first team place among a team of superstars . At Liverpool , he will have pretty much a guaranteed first team place no matter his work rate . My fear is that he will come back , turn slovenly and arrogant , and all the while Torres will be banging in hat tricks for Chelsea .
I see . I was n't aware of these things as I had n't yet discovered futbol back then . Definitely worth considering though , my apologies lpoolfc .
All good . : ) Let 's hope he has shifted his attitude a bit in the last 9 years ...
No problem , I 'm just still sore that Torres handed in the request and confused by the one-two combo of Suarez in/Torres out .
It is a shame ... Just 4 years ago he was going on about how he wanted to play for Liverpool since he was 16 or something ... now all of a sudden his form slips and he wants out . : S
Guillem Balague 's Take On Fernando Torres
Will Suarez be able to play in the next match on Wednesday ?
He can play as soon as he passes his medical , which should be the next day or two hopefully .
Interesting to see how he copes with Stokes physical game . Lets hope he does n't try to eat any of them .
I think he has passed his medical ; just has n't been unveiled yet ... which should be Sunday or Monday . But yeah , he 'll be playing on Wednesday .
or gets a red card like joe cole
They rarely unveil on weekends when there are other games on because the media are all over the country atm . I think we will see it on Monday . I hope the Suarez news is n't overshadowed , again , by Torres news . As for playing , I can see Suarez starting since we are playing at Anfield
Maybe stupid question , will our new signings be able to play on Wednesday ?
Luis Suarez - Yes , he is eligible to play and most likely will . Andy Carroll - Yes , eligible to play but recovering from a thigh injury but could still be in the matchday squad
I think the more important question is : Will they play well on Sunday ?
yes
i do n't think carroll will play for sunday , but i expect gerrard and/or carragher to give torres a welcome tackle .
I 'm going to be sick . Reds agree Carroll fee , on his way for a medical .
We 've paid over the odds but lets at least give the lad a chance .
Torres must be going , do n't see why else they would drop so much money right now . Must be out of desperation .
For reference , Barça bought David Villa for £34M . Insane .
Then Carrol better perform like Villa ...
Or 2.7 % better than Villa ...
Does Torres become a traitor if he gets sold to Chelsea ?
if the thinking is true that he 's been mailing it in for the past year because he 's upset , then yes , i think he will be loathed . there is a theory that his great performance against chelsea in the fall was an audition . it certainly was a rare performance . if that 's true and he was not giving his all in the rest of the time , it 's arguably more his fault than anybody else 's that we 're not in the top 4. i love Torres , but he 's basically been sulking all year . acting like a bitch does n't help anything . /emotion
depends , if suarez scores more than he does and he funds the moves for players that get us some champs league ? nah , i think people might move on .
Absofuckenlutely . I still havent forgiven Owen .
My mind says traitor is a bit harsh . I 'm the same as you , loved LFC mostly b/c I loved watching what Torres could do , so my heart says fuck that guy .
Absolutely . Not just for handing in a request 3 days before the window closed , but for the months and months of half-assed performances and childish sulking , all the while happily cashing ridiculous paychecks . Later Nando , do n't let the door hit ya ... I hear Chelsea have wonderful doctors that you 'll get to know quite well .
Yes , I think so . It 's not only whether he 's going to Chelsea or some other place . It 's how he handles it . He said in an interview to Chelsea TV that every footballer dreams of playing for a top class club and he can do that now . Now . Implying LFC is n't a top class club . Also did n't really give credit to LFC and the supporters and all the help they 've given him . Just straight up and moved on . You can understand his reasons for the transfer , but at the least he could 've waited till summer . So because of the way he 's handled the business , I label him a traitor .
No , Torres should be commended for staying with Liverpool for the past few tough years when he could have easily cashed in earlier . His presence no doubt helped with the sale of the club to new owners . Arguably bigger players have left in the past and we 've coped fine . Peter Beardsley went to Everton of all places , but is still considered a Liverpool legend .
Yeah , pretty much . I 'll be laughing hysterically when he pulls up lame and is out for a month or 2 , 2 to 3 times per year .
sigh , I was one of his biggest fans until he left : (
I know traitor is a bit harsh , but I could n't come up with a better word for it . I have no idea what to think , fuck Torres , but he was my favorite player in the world , idk who there is left . I guess it will have to be Suarez , we should make a move for Hazard over the summer to ease my hostility .
Beardsley went to Everton because the club forced him out , not because he wanted to leave AFAIK . This is a completely different situation .
What really drives the knife in is he 's going to Chelsea , which is my least favorite team . WHAT DO I DO WITH MY # 9 JERSEY NOW , NANDO ? ? ?
http : //cdnmo.coveritlive.com/media/image/201101/php6ITOpW180536_1626019375265_1379947727_31553449_1631213_n.jpg
Exactly , I need to get some Suarez pictures in a Liverpool kit to purify my phone .
Suarez to wear # 7 shirt
I 'm pretty shocked at this to be honest .
That Kenny would let **anyone** wear it while he 's at the club ?
Not that really just the level of the players who have worn it recently . Kewell , SMICER ! Robbie Keane ... . I just thought it could be left vacant until someone truly truly special comes around .
Yeah , I know what you mean . But I think our Torres heartbreak is clouding the fact that Suarez really could be someone special . Let 's give the guy a chance .
Konchesky goes out on loan .
double whammy . konchesky 's gone and carragher 's back !
So long Paul , we hardly knew you . Have fun storming the castle !
To be fair , he is a solid defender but unfortunately it just did n't work out for him here . Best of luck to him .
95 million dollars that so wasteful why would anyone pay that much for any player
Do none of you read ? > Roman Abramovich is ready to commit the staggering sum to secure the service of Torres , with £50m needed to activate the clause they are now confident exists . A further £45m will be guaranteed to the 26-year-old in a five-year deal that would see him earn £175,000 a week . So it 's a 50 million GBP transfer fee , and 45 million GBP in salaries for Torres . Also , the transfer is still not certain .
[ My head just exploded scanners-style . ] ( http : //www.esplatter.com/reviewsotos/scanners.htm )
This can not be real .
This can not be real ... How would the bid go from ~40 to 95 . I think Abramovich is just troll-bidding hardcore . If I was Henry and Kenny I would take it in a heartbeat . Scrap this season and try for Europa qualification for next year . Then next year get a Champions League spot and make some real waves with new signings ; Hulk , Toulalon , and a new target man .
i 'd only take it if we can get a few more signings before the window closes . if not , they can forget it . hopefully nesv have something in mind .
Also the entire article is pure speculation for the Dailymail . There 's no links to any kind of sources at all in that article .
yeah i know my head exploded too but i 'm just wondering is n't 95 mill to much for any player .
95m includes the 5 year contract pay for torres the transfer price is still 50 million pounds . sensationalist title .
It depends I guess . Maybe Chelsea is trying to make a statement splashing that much cash , and we know what Torres is like when he 's in form . I 'll miss him terribly but the team is bigger .
Into the mind of King Kenny
I know it 's petty but I hope he 's the kiss of death to Chelski .
I completly agree with you . The only thing that makes me unhappy is that i wont be able to carrol play for a couple of weeks
Hmm , fight ? I ca n't think of *anything* to make me think that about Suarez ... You 're right though , we need more heart and drive in the team to get over the next step and Nando definitely did n't have it . I just wonder what he 'll be thinking if Chelsea manage to not win anything .
Formation ?
Yeh thats fine , but in a perfect world you would bring back aqualini from loan and have him instead of Kuyt .
I 'd probably go with a 4-1-2-3 - 4- Johnson , Carra , Agger , Kelly 1- Lucas 2- Meireles , Gerrard and 3- Suarez , Carroll and Kuyt . Suarez and Kuyt in wide attacking roles and Carroll in the middle in a poacher-type role . Should work nicely with the work rate of Kuyt and the creativity of Suarez for Carroll to feed off them , not to mention Gerrard and Meireles making opportunities for the attacking 3 . Having only 2 central midfielders leaves space for Kelly and Johnson to make attacking runs down the flanks .
I have a feeling that Kenny is steadily shaping the squad towards playing 4-3-3 for next season . In the interim , I would expect a variety ( the 4-1-3-2 formation mentioned above would work playing at home ) , with some experiments of Suarez out wide . Best part is that they are playing more fluid total football , starting today . Things are looking up - ca n't recognize this team compared to where we were a month ago
do n't knock kuyt though , he 's really good
That was the one I was thinking about . But I just do n't want to put Suarez as a wide attacker / winger ; when he 's a brilliant striker . That is exactly the same thing we did with Kuyt , it turned out well but I think we have enough attacking midfielders and not so many strikers ( except for now ) . Another thing , anyone read about Aquilani , Juventus want to buy him but they do n't want to spend the 12 mil Liverpool are asking . What do you think , is that a good thing ?
Its just you 've got a striker / winger playing where an attacking midfielder should be playing .
I see where you 're coming from , but I do n't think putting Suarez in a wide attacking role would quell his goalscoring , but maybe even give him more from to cut in from the flanks and work his magical foot while challenging defenders , maybe even take a pop or two from outside the box . As for Aquilani , I think he should be sold , even for a cut-down price , thus making more funds available for a serious bid for Charlie Adam in the summer . Even if Aquilani is n't sold for transfer funds , he probably would n't fit in the squad with Liverpool looking for a new AMC/CM in the summer .
'Fernando , Liverpool is a special club with special fans . They love those players who love wearing their shirt . But they’re not stupid : they know when players mean it and when they don’t '
And THAT is why Dalglish is a legend .
Yeah sums it up really . I totally see why he wants to move , just how he did it was such kick in the balls . Got ta love kenny though , so much passion
That 's why it 's so heartbreaking ... I thought he meant it .
Torres : 'I will never say anything bad about Liverpool . I have been very happy there but now the history is different and I am playing for Chelsea . '
Best of luck to you Torres . Break a leg .
You know , in retrospect all the Reds hate directed his way might very well be a mix-up in translation .
> 'I am joining with big names like [ John ] Terry , [ Frank ] Lampard , [ Didier ] Drogba and [ Nicolas ] Anelka and I can be part of this great team . ' Hysterical . The youngest of them is what 31 ? I would even go so far as to say their team needs more investment than ours does . Such a mistake going to them he will live to regret it . He will win fuck all there . I hope .
As a Chelsea fan , it is unbelievable how fucking happy this makes me . I honestly did n't expect it to happen , but this is the type of thing Chelsea needs to boost the club , and fan base .
I do n't think so , I have reread his statement several times , and I ca n't figure out a way to make something out of it that is n't terribly insulting .
He 's pretty much their youngest player other than Ramires and the youth team .
Now you can share the joy of watching him 'not quite find his form ' and 'struggle to get back to his winning ways ' for a couple of years like we did . White elephant he is , I 'd rather have a less talented striker that actually gave a shit about the game he was playing
Yep . You all better win in the next two yers , because that window is closing quicker than you can imagine .
Very true .
Belive me , I can imagine . I 'm really worried .
Why Fernando Torres made me cry .
Only Chelsea think Chelsea are Liverpool 's rivals . Liverpool wo n't miss Torres , but Torres will never find another like Liverpool . PS : you forgot about Owen and McMoneyman .
You are so gay for him
I 'm sorry to hear that you 're having a hard time with this than most of us . The part that stings the most is that he did leave for Chelsea . I would have rather had him go to another league if he was going to leave but he did what he did . But one thing that I wanted to point out was that you mentioned that he made us feel important . I think this is where a lot of the hurt comes from because he was a world class striker to us and he was someone who EVERYONE revered . We felt special because we had someone that everyone wanted , someone that was a staple and an icon to not only Liverpool , but to football in general . With the money from the purchase we were able to secure two great strikers that should make for a better situation . Someone posted : Carroll + Suarez > Torres ... .and I agree with it . Although it 's heartbreaking , in the end , everyone should have gotten what they wanted . We wanted a pair of amazing strikers , Torres wanted to be on a team with with a horse and a wife stealer . Keep you 're chin up , mate . You know that this is n't the end of a club . And just remember ... . You 'll Never Walk Alone
Well said . For me , Torres made me fall in love with football and LFC . Above all , I loved Torres for his loyalty and integrity , and that he always spoke with such class . I think that the club will recover , and may even be better off for it . The reason it is so hard to take is that I feel completely betrayed that everything he said was seemingly all lies . I stood by him confidently , thinking that his wanting to leave was just the media blowing things up again . I wish the circumstances had been different , or that he 'd at least offer an explanation or apology . Torres has truly broken my heart .
Fernando Torres ' career at Liverpool : 4 seasons 102 games 65 goals 0 League Cups 0 Community Shields 0 FA Cups 0 Premiership Titles 0 Europa Cups 0 UEFA Cups
I disagree . I loved El Nino just as much as the next guy , but I do n't think it is fair to say what he did was abominable . He was doing what he thinks is best for him and that is something I can respect . Furthermore , I believe that as far as football goes , his loss will be short lived . I think he has been a valuable player in the past , but has n't really done much of anything up to his level as of late . I think if this were Steven Gerrard who has been a remarkable leader on this team , with who he signed his first professional contract , it would have been a much bigger loss . I know Stevie G has also been playing below his level , but he has been a much more dynamic player than Torres . I think this is a good direction for the Reds . You will never walk alone El Nino .
> No-one important has ever left us for a despised rival http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Beardsley Other than that , I agree with lots of what you had to say .
Well written . I ca n't add anything to that .
you know what feels like the unkindest cut ? Andy Carroll begging the media to let the fans , players and staff know that he didnt want to leave and that he was heartbroken to no longer be wanted by his home club . Ryan Babel ( who was treated terribly by us in my opinion ) being on Twitter for hours last night and saying that he will always miss the Kop and that hes going to be watching for us to reach the top 4 again like we deserved . Last night , Torres went on television and spoke at length about how exicted he was to finally be at Chelsea , how he hoped for this since the summer and how he could finally play top flight football , and then saying how he couldnt wait to score on Sunday . how did this happen ? How could we all have been SO WRONG about him ? Good riddance . Enjoy your whiny handful , Chelsea . You guys better hang on to 4th , or else that guys going to sulk the next few seasons away .
Oh dude , I seethe with rage whenever I see Michael Owen in a Manchester United jersey .
They both left for Real Madrid who I do n't consider a bitter rival . As for Owen being a manc ; galling , utterly galling but to be fair to him , what was he supposed to do ? Crippled , unemployed and unwanted by anyone else . I hope you 're right about us not missing Torres and Chelski certainly have a strong record of paying too much money for past it superstars who underperform . Fingers x'ed ... I hope he pulls up injured against us on Sunday , that 'd be hilarious .
Cheers mate , I guess we 're all in this together .
Exactly .
You missed my point .
Based on what you said , I do n't know how you can say you loved El Nino as much as the next guy !
Fair enough if a tad pedantic . Anyway , I was out of the country that season so it does n't count .
Cheers mate , I 'm still in bits .
Agreed , as the story unfolds it 's gets worse .
I think RM are more of a rival than Chelsea . Unless you mean domestically ?
This is reddit , you make a post and many responders only focus on the tiny bit that they disagree with , possibly downvote you for that tiny bit , completely missing the larger sentiment . It 's the same way in real life , though . I agree with you that it 's a sad day for Liverpool fans - it does sort of feel like betrayal from a romantic interest , even if you understand their motives
Maybe because I am a bit more calloused , but I 'm at the point where I 'm ready to move forward instead of worrying about who we lost and how we 've lost them . We 've been in the middle of the table all year and that is unacceptable . I love Nando and I always will , but sometimes you just have to let go .
Because I wished him the best of luck at Chelsea ? I 'm just being more realistic than romantic .
How so ? We play Chelsovich at least twice a year , often a lot more , in up to four competitions . We play Franco 's bitches every now and again and always beat them . I hate Madrid for historical reasons , the rent boys are currently corrupting the game and make me sick .
maybe if the OP had used some kind of spacing it would have been easier to read ...
Did you even read what I wrote ?
Because Chelsea are nowhere near us in terms of trophies , titles , etc . Sure , Man U are our closest domestic rivals but RM are nearer to us than Chelsea will ever be ( despite what the London-centric media will have you believe ) .
What was the score of the match between Liverpool and Madrid last season ? How many songs do we have about Real Madrid ? When was the last time you went to a match against Madrid and got into a fight* ? We hate the rent boys properly , that 's why I think of them as rivals . If we played Madrid regularly I can guarantee I 'd hate them too . not necessarily literally ! Scum are definitely our 'closest ' rivals but not just because of cups . They are dirty manc bastards worthy of nothing but contempt . Thieving junkies and cheats who 'd rob off their own mum . I know I 'm kind of on one right now but I 'd rather they won the league this year than see Torres win a single fucking thing with Chelski .
I do n't necessarily hate rivals . Those I hate are not necessarily rivals ( Everton ) . I seriously would n't elevate Chelsea to our level . We 're beyond that .
We 're disputing semantics , I think rivals are the teams I hate !
I agree . Perhaps we 're at odds with what we define as rivals .
TIL we spent more on andy carrol the suarez ? WTF
than . sorry was bugging me . I know . It 's unfortunate that where you 're from seems to be a huge factor when it comes to price . Also , think about it . Liverpool where in an awkward situation . We desperately needed a striker , we had money , but not the time . Newcastle new that , and I 'm sure Nando 's intentions were well known so Newcastle did what anyone in that situation would do , they milked it for all it was worth .
sorry i would edit it if i could . Yeah i know andy is great player ( i remember that goal he scoared against us ) but still why did n't they buy him for less and get Charlie Adam
Apparently Blackpool had absolutely no intention of letting him go , but Liverpool could have at least made a serious bid . Would have been great .
The signing of Carrol makes me think Ajax must be pissed off at liverpool
Why ? They got the money they wanted . Nothing to be mad at there .
'Optimism '
Torres is gone . I 'm excited to see how well Carroll and Suarez do .
More [ optimism ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9AzJfJzDldk ) .
Carroll was BUILT for the English game , 6'3 , strong and great in the air . he 's the perfect target man .
the one against stoke and WBA were sick . Also thanks for posting this now i know this guy is .
Enough with the Torres shits . I am now looking forward to a new beginning with Suarez and Carroll , and hopefully it would be much better than a half committed Torres .
That was fucking depressing . Try watching that back to back with your favourite Torres video . Gutted .
LOL ? kid is 22. he finishes with both feet and is a beast in the air , and can handle his own with the ball at his feet . realize that the torres videos are 2 years old . time to move on
How To : Remove Torres Name Kit
The problem is , if you 've had the kit awhile , there 's bound to be fading or discoloration where the letters were , right ? So you 'll still see 'torres ' but it 'll look like a stain rather than lettering . I 'm just leaving 'torres ' on my shirt . He did great things at our club , and I 'll always have love for him .
I would try turning the kit inside out and applying a hot iron and some steam to the area behind the lettering . The '8 ' started peeling off my Gerrard kit on its own , I ca n't imagine it would be *too* hard to peel the lettering off with some determination .
thanks for asking this . I was wondering the same thing .
This is why I got my own name : /
Me too , number 8 and my last name .
A traitor and a scumbag . You 'll never have fans like Liverpool 's . It 's only downhill from here Torres .
While I 'm not pleased with his demeanor and sulky brattishness exhibited during play , I am also happy that he was able to move on , given that he clearly does NOT want to play at Liverpool anymore . Why all the accusations of 'traitor ' etc ? Players come , players go . Nando did well for the club . I do n't agree with his actions within the past season or so , but I definitely would n't call him a 'traitor , ' never mind a 'scumbag . ' I 've felt that since he has signed , he 's been a quasi-detached ego-centrist , but It 's difficult to find somebody on a pay scale of over 100 grand a week who is not , especially when they posses skill of such caliber . He did the club well , played VERY well in many of his games , particularly the early ones , and even showed a hint of club loyalty via his Liverpool adornments at the World Cup victory . If you want to label him in a derogatory manner because he moved on , that 's all dandy ; I , however , do not think he has deserved such labels . I say good luck , Torres .
I do n't like to see posts like this . I have only been following football and Liverpool for 3 years now . I 'm American . I was visiting my girlfriend who was studying abroad in Milan , watched Inter vs. Liverpool champions league game and almost everybody at the bar was rooting for Inter . I was neutral . It was Torres ' goal , celebration , and general demeanor that made me start rooting for Liverpool . Without Torres , I probably would still watch college basketball on saturdays . I 'm sure he did that for 50,000+ people globally , he helped the club so much . So while I do n't agree with his actions , I still ca n't call him a scumbag .
I 'm not happy , but we should really focus on what he did for the club . For 3+ years he was lethal for us ( when he could walk ) and while I hate the decision he 's made and hope he regrets it some day , I 'm not going to trash the guy for putting his career ahead of his football loyalties . I do n't think he 's actually won any club trophies , and that 's ridiculous for a player of his quality . I do n't want to take parting shots at a guy who was outstanding for us , and left for twice what we paid for him . If he celebrates a goal against us on Sunday though , I might change my mind on all this .
That 's a bit harsh . I doubt this was a decision he took lightly , he was only doing what he thought was in the best interest of his career by jumping to a Champions League club . You may not like his actions in this transfer move ( I certainly do n't ) , but we ca n't forget the fact that he produced some astonishing performances in the Liverpool shirt . Footballers move to different clubs all the time . Steven Gerrard nearly moved to Chelsea as at the time he was not happy with the teams progress , but decided in the end to stay . Torres just decided to move on .
> Wrote this on different LFC thread too\r \r The fact is he could have said something like 'I 'd like to thank Liverpool for the wonderful opportunities they have given me , and the belief and respect they have shown me , but I felt it is time to ensure that I get to play top level football in European competitions and improve my domestic and International form in doing so'\r \r By making a dozen comments saying how awesome Chelsea are and how far above Liverpool they are in every way , I can only assume he has n't been treated well in the last few months.\r \r I 've lost respect for him .
He swore he 'd only play in red Torres Torres He 'd play for no-one else he said Torres Torres We cheered his name each time he scored but now it seems he 's just a fraud Fernando Torres the lying Spanish twat .
Players get sold , sometime they sell themselves . Fair game . But if the cunt has been speaking with Chelsea for 12 days , he could very fucking well have given the club a fair warning in advance . There 's a bit of difference between starting to shop around January 19th , and starting to shop around January 30th .
Very few people seem to be thanking Torres for 3 and a half years of service . We did n't seem this bothered when Alonso left , so why Torres ? It is unfortunate that he 's gone , and moreso that he 's actually gone to Chavski , but let 's not forget the goals he scored in a red shirt .
with the new fifa home grown player rules ( which is the reason we bought brad jones from boro ) letting torres go for a tidy profit and bringing in a talented english striker leaves us with a free slot to bring in a world class foreign winger in the summer which we need
If he left for another club , I would be right there with you . But he left to Chelsea ! They 're our rivals ! If there 's any way for a star Liverpool player to betray the team and it 's fans , it is to play for Chelsea . And I only call him a scumbag because of the interview he gave . 'Huge step forward ' and 'finally playing for a top level team ' are direct insults to Liverpool . He could have at least had some tact .
I do n't hate him either , mainly because I did n't buy into all that 'Torres is one of us bs ' . He 's an employee , he did a good job ( for the most part ) , we got what we wanted from him and sold him for a profit , simple . We 've lost better players than him in the past and we will do again in the future , the club is still here and it always will be because no one is bigger than the club . I 'm also consoled by the fact that not many players have left us and gone on to better things , lets just hope he 's one of them .
Fine , but then why only 3 days before the window closed ? Complete dick move .
AFAIK its illegal/improper for a team to tap up a player to unsettle him before a formal contractual move , so I would expect Liverpool have known about this for quite some time , but were trying to block it in every way they could until Chelsea dangled 50 million . Thats insane money for a player who misses half a season , every season , through glass ankles and dodgy muscles . Unfortunately for us , in the half a seaosn he does play , he scores enough to make up for the rest of the missing time.\r \r Nando , Nando , Nando , what have you done .
B/c Alonso did n't score goals would be my guess . Maybe b/c right now the club is in trouble and Torres represented the superstar and the potential for greatness the team still had , so fans held on to it like it was the last thing the team had . Since I 've settled on the decision for a day or so , I 'm still disappointed that instead of trying to lift his game and the team to create success he just left at the first opportunity . But the fans need to realize that it 's been 3.5 years and he has n't won a thing with the club . Why would any top player stay on a team that never wins trophies ?
We 're playing against every team in the Premiership . Everybody is worth the same amount of points , everybody should be treated equally . While there are some arbitrary rivalries based on success , every team should be played against as if they were our worst enemies . 'Rivals ' loses meaning when every game is played to your fullest , as it should be . He just signed for a new club that 's paying him an exorbitant amount of money ; what else is he to say ? As I read it , he is not insulting anybody directly , which would be something along the lines of 'Finally , I get to play for a top-level team , which I did not have the privilege of in my last club . ' Rather , he is complementing the team he just signed for , with a few supporters of his former club reading too deeply into what he said . To deny the fact the he thinks highly of Liverpool is a bit of a reactionary stance , in my eyes . As I said before : He did well for Liverpool , and was a upstanding player while he did so . He 's immensely talented , if a bit moody , and I wish him the best .
The quotes are misleading he was n't dissing Liverpool . He 's said explicitly that it was very hard for him to leave Liverpool and I beleive him . We ca n't hate him for leaving , he was loved even more at Atletico but he left them for us to achieve greatness . Although I am pissed he chose chelsea , that 's a very stupid short sighted decision to make . Once the fair play rules kick in the Roman wo n't be able to buy their success . Liverpool have a bright future , we have a group of talented juniors and young seniors . Our chances of success are equal if not greater than Chelsea .
If we took the dud '30-goal striker ' and converted him into one 20-goal striker and one 15-goal striker , then we 're still coming out on top with 5 more goals delivered . There is one thing to winning football matches , and that 's to score one goal more than the opposing team . That again breaks down into to different bit , scoring goals , and avoiding to concede goals . Between 2005-2009 , we had the do n't concede goals bit pinned down , but were struggling with scoring . Last season and half of this season , we struggled with both . If these two lads can both help fix the goalscoring bit , then we 're halfway to being a better team already .
Remember too that when Torres was out we were down all 30 goals . At least with two strikers , it ones gets hurts or sits out , we have redundancy with the other and can still get 15 of those goals .
One thing 's for sure , we certainly signed the most ballsy player on the world stage
you know first time around i never noticed that he saved uruaguay twice the first with his feet the second with his hands\r Edit : another thing i did not notice is that uruaguyan that flips to try and save the ball but ultimately misses
While not entirely in the spirit of fair play , you have to admit , it 's incredibly intelligent .
'The target for every player is to try to play in one of the top level clubs in the world and I can do it now . ' - So long Fernando , thanks for the memories
Turncoat traitor . No class at all .
The fact is he could have said something like 'I 'd like to thank Liverpool for the wonderful opportunities they have given me , and the belief and respect they have shown me , but I felt it is time to ensure that I get to play top level football in European competitions and improve my domestic and International form in doing so'\r \r By making a dozen comments saying how awesome Chelsea are and how far above Liverpool they are in every way , I can only assume he has n't been treated well in the last few months.\r \r I 've lost respect for him .
We also do n't know , Hodgson ( or Kenny ) could have absolutely bollocked him , shouting him down in the changing rooms , telling him he 's not worth his cost and so on , trying to get some form out of him in an oldschool way . My feeling is , he would n't have reacted to that well , and no doubt Chelsea tap him up every few weeks , dangling better and better contracts.\r \r I 'm frustrated that it went down like this . Suarez and Torres up front ( with Carroll as a backup/sub for now perhaps ) is the stuff of fantasy football .
I wrote this in another thread , but it fits here : You can see the pain in his eyes . He clearly did n't want to leave , but did so for his own career . Last season was dreadful and this one even more so . I get the feeling that when he heard the Suarez deal was being held up over money , he realized that he could n't do it anymore . I feel like Henry and Werner tested his devotion , and he just could n't take it any more . He put up the Hicks and Gillette promising funds to Rafa that never came and probably felt that Henry and Werner were operating in the same manner . He truly loves LFC , he never spoke of how 'great ' Chelsea are in that interview . He wanted to be playing against the best in the world and sadly that means moving to Chelsea right now . I also think that deep down he knew no other club was going to offer the cash Chelsea would ( save Man City ) and he felt the cash was probably too good for the club and himself to turn down .
That 's a very kind way to look at it , but I do n't buy it . Everything for Liverpool was on the way up , we would 've signed Suarez without him leaving . You think Gerrard could n't have 'furthered his career ' by leaving Liverpool ? He could 've several times , but he has n't because he knows the meaning of YNWA . If you ask me , Torres did this for himself . And all the talk of 'huge step forward ' and 'finally playing for a top level club ' is just a roundabout way to talk shit about Liverpool the way I see it .
Again , out yourself in his shoes . He 's probably been lied to time and time again over transfers/funds . We 've crashed and burned since finishing 2nd . Hodgson was a joke of a gaffer who clearly did n't have the support of the squad . It 's January , he committed himself on the 11th . At this point talks with Ajax over Suarez are ongoing . Two weeks later Ajax is coming out saying we 're falling short on our offer and to step it up if we 're serious about getting Suarez . The transfer window is nearly up and we 've done nothing to improve the squad outside of sacking Hodgson . You find out that another team , while a modern day rival of ours , but not a historical one wants you . You 'll be able to play in the Champion 's League and hopefully get back up to that level of match fitness by testing yourself against the best . And sadly , on top of that they 're going to pay you double what you currently make . What do you do ? I understand comparing him to Stevie , but for fucks sake , Stevie did in fact try to leave us twice only to rethink it and stay . Nando is n't a true scouser like Stevie and Jamie , but damn it he did feel like one . At the end of the day we were n't going to be able to meet the needs Nando had in the timeframe he wanted . We 're 9 points out of 4th and Chelsea has a game in hand . The odds of us catching them AND getting a Champion 's League spot is slim to none . Also , what the hell do you expect him to say after he just signed for them , 'well , I 'm going to be honest , I do n't want to fucking be here , but if this is how I can guarantee myself a CL spot , fuck it . ' This is his job and he has to treat it like one . There is no loyalty in sports anymore from the owners down to the players . It 's a business and at the end of the day , everyone involved has to look out for their own best interests .
I 'm just sad . : ' (
He wants to leave the club . fine . but he should have done it with decency . he could have shown respect by declaring his intentions a little earlier , giving us some time to take stock of the situation . not on the 11th hour .
Me too . Honestly , for me he goes down second only to Xabi as the player I was saddest to see go . Xabi was classy as fuck right to the end and still is . I keep hoping John Henry gets the party plane bound for Madrid in May to bring Xabi back and Jose along with him .
I hope they 're better at football than they are at posing for pictures ... ..
[ deleted ]
yeah look their is no way he can beat that pose . that pose is awesome
//////////////////////////s
It hurts to look at this photo .
[ This is what I see when I look at this photo . ] ( http : //imgur.com/yGdNe )
Does anyone else hear , 'this winter I 'm going to take my talents to south beach ' when they see this photo ?
It 's too bad he had to act like Mascherano when he wanted to leave . There 's a right way and a wrong way to leave a club . There 's a reason I still love Alonso , but have lost lots of respect for Masch and now Torres .
Alonso still talks constantly about how much he loves Liverpool .
[ Honestly , watch this . ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bHlm_Vk5aBQ & feature=player_embedded ) You can see the pain in his eyes . He clearly did n't want to leave , but did so for his own career . Last season was dreadful and this one even more so . I get the feeling that when he heard the Suarez deal was being held up over money , he realized that he could n't do it anymore . I feel like Henry and Werner tested his devotion , and he just could n't take it any more . He put up the Hicks and Gillette promising funds to Rafa that never came and probably felt that Henry and Werner were operating in the same manner . He truly loves LFC , he never spoke of how 'great ' Chelsea are in that interview . He wanted to be playing against the best in the world and sadly that means moving to Chelsea right now . I also think that deep down he knew no other club was going to offer the cash Chelsea would ( save Man City ) and he felt the cash was probably too good for the club and himself to turn down .
I do n't really remember it , what did Alonso do that was so good ( in regards to how he left ) ? He 's one of my favs .
Even if ...
The best Liverpool have played all season ?
All hail the king . Seriously , things are finally looking up .
I only managed to catch the second half , but I saw some highlights of the first in the break , and the confidence of the players is so amazingly different from when Hodgson was in charge . Add Suarez to that , who was eager to close down the ball and chase loose balls , as opposed to Torres who 's just thrown a strop for the last year , and I 'm really excited about the future : ) I was asking a friend of mine who watched the first half what formation we were playing , and even after 10mins of the second half , we could n't really work it out . All of the offensive players were happy to rotate and take up positions wherever there is space . To quote my friend , 'if it 's hard for us to tell the formation , they must be hard to mark ' .
Compare a month ago to today . Not just results , but style of play . It is a travesty that we ever hired Hodgson , and then kept him for so long , when we had a world class manager sitting on the bench .
The first time we played Chelsea this season was much better . This was a good game , but there 's a lot that could be improved on : Skrtel doing anything except winning the ball , Johnson giving up stupid fouls , everyone 's crossing , Meireles ' wild sliding tackles , etc . It 's a step in the right direction , and we 're still improving since Kenny took over , but we 've got some more work to put in .
awesome performance . there was someone who was concerned about us not having players that can cross the ball in when carroll plays for us . i think the first half gives us the answer to that . johnson and kuyt got some awesome deliveries from the flank by kelly and stevie . i 'm still amazed at begovic 's stop against johnson 's header . i can already tell suarez is going to be a huge threat . so much of his confidence , pace , and ball control can be seen with only 30 minutes on the pitch .
If we can finish the season up playing like this I 'll be happy ! ! \r \r I think the fact that Kenny was allowed to spend 58 Million GBP in the transfer window is a pretty good sign that they will be keeping him on as permanent manager .
I 'm going to go ahead and say that I feel like I am going to like Suarez a lot . He played very unselfishly for his first game , but I can see him becoming a major threat in front of goal based on his determination , something I have n't seen in front of goal for a while *cough* Torres *cough* .
The fighting spirit is back . The players ran themselves ragged today chasing the ball . But we still need more fluency in our game . It was a scrappy game but that might have been because of the unusual formation Kenny played . I think he 'll go back to a more orthodox formation against Chelsea . I really wish he would play Gerrard behind Suarez . It worked so well with the spaniard why would n't it work with him ?
yeah i 've been trying to figure it out as well . i wan na try the formation out on PES just to see how it goes
It was a 5-3-1-1 with Johnson and Kelly as LB and RB respectively and Agger , Skrtel , and Soto at CB . Fabio , Gerrard , and Lucas in midfield , and Meireles playing behind Kuyt . Fabio got subbed off for Suarez somewhere around the 60th minute and they adapted to a kind of 5-3-2 with Meireles dropping back to fill Fabio 's spot . At like the 75th minute , Meireles got subbed off for Shelvey in a like-for-like swap
The only position we have depth in : O
Actually , we only spent £2m if you include the money from selling Babel and Torres . That will also be recouped within one year as the wages of the two new players are less than those of Babel and Torres . Having said that , I agree that allowing Dalglish to sell Torres , who was considered to be one of our best players , shows they have a lot of confidence in him , and I would n't be surprised to see him given the role permanently sooner rather than later .
Definitely agree , and when Carroll is fit , that should be a good partnership - shame for Kuyt though , he played really well up front tonight . I think Lucas will probably miss out on the starting 11 if we play 4-4-2 though which is a shame as he 's played really well this year .
As far as I could tell , Johnson and Kelly seemed to be playing more as WBs than LB/RB , which would make it more of a 3-2-3-1-1 . It seemed to work quite well though , with Fabio , Gerrard , Lucas and Meireles all rotating well .
Hey , we need some depth , so it 'll be nice to have quality players on the bench for once .
think neither will be missed out Carroll top , Suarez on the left , kuyt on right lucas , meireles and gerrard in the middle .
I think the team plays better as 4-3-1-2 , with Meireles as the attacking mid . It kinda sucks for Stevie as he is a fabulous goal threat , but Meireles is on fire at the moment . The hope is that Carroll and Suarez can play off of each other , with Meireles able to take the long shots he is proving quite capable of making .
This seems absolutely tops . I hope they do this : O
this is the formation I heard they will most likely be running , but then again it was only an article . I hope its true , because it could be quite potent .
no matter what ppl say , i think this january window was a success
Thank you . Personally , I want people to stop bitching about the 35mil ! In the end , we got some good deals out of it . Let 's just focus on the future right now and let the lads prove their worth .
Good post . Carroll is definitely still too new to know for *sure* , but he 's 3rd in league scoring this season , so it 's not like he ca n't score .
I made this point the other day . Its really encouraging to see the owners putting the money back in to the club . I ca n't wait until summer now , world class LB and some wingers and we should be set .
Considering we also bid 20M for Richards , 22M+ for Young and 10M for Adam , it is apparent that we have a solid transfer budget ( beyond the Torres income - which is spread over 5 years ) . Things are looking good for the summer . ( If all those transfers were accepted , we would have spent 110M+
NESV once paid $ 50M for the privilege of talking to a player , to negotiate a trade . That 's $ 50,000,000 just to talk to a player . The Carrol money will not be missed .
They made the money back in 3 months simply because of the link to the Japanese market , and the connection to the Japanese Playerbase was well worth it . The player in question was Daisuke Matsuzaka , and it was probably the best financial decision they have made in the last decade .
... and that money has nothing to do with his subsequent contract , which was also exorbitant . We are in good hands .
Yet another reason why whe should look into buying Keisuke Honda . Great player and the revenue from the asian markets alone should more then pay for his transfer fee .
Agreed . I was in Japan in 2007 , and saw tons of locals up in the middle of the night with Boston Red Sox caps on . They thought it was funny that I was American , and yet I was up in the middle of the night to watch Liverpool . Saw us beat Chelsea on pens in the Champions League semi at The Footnik in Tokyo . One of my favorite Liverpool memories for sure ! ... Sorry for the irrelevant rant . Point is , The Red Sox were everywhere in Tokyo .
King Kenny moves towards permanent manager 's role
They 'll never let him leave now . The club begged and pleaded him not to go in '91 , and now with three wins in the last three games , they 'll chain him to the club to make sure he goes no where .
Luis Suárez goal against Arsenal
Is Suarez eligible to play tomorrow ?
From what I 've heard , you should be expecting him on the pitch tomorrow .
Suarez will come on as a sub on about 60 minutes , if the protocol behind the last few decades of football transfers are anything to go by .
[ Suarez named in tonight 's squad against Stoke . ] ( http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/latest-news/suarez-named-in-tonight-s-squad )
Im pretty sure Suarez can play , weather he will or not is a different story considering he has n't played for Ajax in some time due to lengthy suspension ... . What about Carroll ? Is he fit now or is he still carrying his thigh injury ?
I believe Suarez will be eligible , last I read there was only an off chance that he would miss due to his work permit , that article is here : http : //www.mirrorfootball.co.uk/news/Liverpool-Stoke-team-news-Suarez-waiting-on-work-permit-Ngog-Kuyt-on-standby-Carragher-available-for-first-time-since-November-article687269.html and carroll is 4-5 weeks away from my understanding
From what I heard , after Torres left , Kenny ordered one of the U19 players to buff up his old boots , before mumblings something sounding a lot like 'a man 's got ta do what a man 's got ta do . '
I agree , I think they do this to allow them a proper welcome .
I agree , but I kind of want to see an immediate walk on ; only because I 'm so anxious to see him play .
Carroll will not be fit for tomorrow ; still injured . Doubtful for Sunday as well .
Honestly , I would be happy with a loss just to see Kenny out there .
He did n't disappoint ; )
I heard he injured himself in a nightclub ? Any truth to this ? If so ... .like a boss .
Lol , agreed . Suarez ca n't have # 7 JUST yet ...
Casino . Mind you that 's according to the Mirror .
Do n't know if you happened to see the interview on lfc.tv , but Kenny said something to the effect of 'While Suarez is not under pressure to live up to any legacy in the # 7 shirt , he is better than myself or Kevin Keegan . '
I respect most of our ex-players . Not this one .
these are probably one the most hypocritical statements i 've ever heard ... he 's the one who wanted to leave when he was given the choice to stay . also , refusing to play a match is unheard of . who the hell does that ? \r for torres 's case , it was only a few months ago when torres said he was commited to the club . but to add to that , he turned in his transfer request so close to the deadline of the transfer window that made matters even more complicated . now give me a reason why we should n't pissed off .
what a buncha bullshit . he threw major tantrums and then refused to play ! !
> It is sad that the people who did something important with the club have to leave by the back door . Alonso was arguably more important than both of them yet he left on good terms and is still well regarded . Showing a little respect costs nothing , miserable Argie twat .
It 's cool , he sits the bench now .
He and Torres are both cunts in my book .
Fuck off ye wanker , we 've got Lucas now . Gollum 's voice* 'My Lucaaaaaaaas '
FYI torres turned his transfer request in early . his agent said so today . the reason why it was announced so late was that Liverpool did n't want Ajax to know , because then they would up their price for Suarez . Smart by liverpool
Did n't he also say on January 11th that he was committed to seeing out his contract ?
You 're forgetting about the part where he would n't even take the calls from his new manager , of communicate in any form , for weeks following the World Cup .
looking for a link t the full match , can someone please point me in the right direction . Much appreciated .
http : //www.redandwhitekop.com/forum/index.php ? topic=112969.msg8151139 # msg8151139 Here you go . Have n't downloaded it myself so ca n't say anything about the quality .
I may recommend subscribing to lfc.tv . I 'm not sure if it 's the same elsewhere , but here in the States I can re-watch the match .
For future reference : http : //myp2p.eu Have links to all the games . Quality varies game to game , and its honestly hit or miss ( with link quality and whether or not the link is active ) . If there was a rule of thumb though , generally the best streams are from Russia , the Netherlands , and Romania . Though yesterday there was an INCREDIBLE Veetle stream that had the FSC broadcast in HD , and it actually looked somewhat in HD . But like I said , hit or miss .
Liverpool v. Stoke City : 2-0 Full Highlights
'To get 50 million for a player who did n't want to be there in about 3 and a half days.. that 's good business . ' Indeed it is , and we 're stronger now because of it . It 's actually exciting to watch them play again .
That Suarez goal was pretty sweet . Did he wind up getting credit for it ?
yeah so true . well to be honest suarez+torres would have been best case scenerio , but suarez+carroll > torres+babel
Premier League website has it credited to Suarez . Probably because the ball was going in if it was n't touched .
Agreed , and the upgrade only cost us 1.8 mil . I 'll take that . I assume we 've got money left over for the summer transfer window .
I thought so . And there was certainly power on it too . It looked liked unlucky goalkeeping to me . But the announcers were acting as if it 'd already been 'credited ' to the Stoke player .
Dirk reacts to the sale of Torres
stolen from ynwa.tv
brilliant photo of dirk and kenny laughing
I fucken lol 'd hard in work . Awesome
Fernando Torres explains quitting Liverpool for Chelsea
Aww , why you have to make me feel bad for being angry at Torres ?
It was a pretty classy exit , all things considered . I ai n't mad at ya , Torres . But Agger and his elbows might be .
Damn it . I ca n't hate that guy . I wish him all the best .
John Henry Interview
I 'm liking FSG more by the day .
Love their approach . Sensible but not afraid to splash cash when they feel it is appropriate . Looks like we are finally in safe hands .
Same here . I support the direction they are taking . Im excited for our future
To be manager of Liverpool is a dream for me . This time , I know that Kenny is doing really well .
Rafa , as much as I loved you and as much as you made a lot of great decisions , you also screwed up too much at the end , and you had to go . Now , instead of being a whiny little ( insert expletive ) about it , just fade off into the sunset like a dignified person , ok ?
What in the interview came off to you as whiny ? He and Kenny have great mutual respect for each other and that interview was classy as ever . I honestly do n't know what you are on about . Please point me to whatever you perceived as whiny .
So what if he made some mistakes , Ferguson and Wenger have made plenty of mistakes . He went above and beyond his duties and fought for the fans against the old regime , for that alone I consider him to be one of the greats . But can you imagine him , Kenny , Clarke and the two barcelona men ( Borell and Segura ) in the boot room . It could be a great team .
Perhaps it was just me reading tone into the text , but it came off to me as 'When I was the manager , I could have sold the player for 70M ! ' I may just be misinterpreting him . I actually really like the guy . But he is not the manager and is not going to be the manager , so IMO he should stop with these interviews where he ends with how much he wants to be manager again .
wats the prob ? another rafa hater ?
John Henry hints Liverpool may stay at Anfield
These guys have done everything right so far . Supporters committee , King Kenny , transfer window , and now opting to fix Anfield instead of moving ? Absolutely brilliant .
This is why I love John Henry , I wan na kiss him sometimes . I feel like he understands the club ten fold what George + Tom did .
This . They did the same thing with Fenway Park in Boston . Historic stadium , full of memories . They kept it and invested heavily in the businesses and such surrounding the stadium and transformed the whole area . Brilliant indeed .
To be fair , that 's not very difficult ; ) I totally agree with you though , he really gets how to run a club well , and for the long run too , without having to splash millions like Abromovich ( though I wo n't say no to the odd big signing like Suarez/Carroll ! )
Henry on Kenny , Anfield and Torres
Liverpool 's owners hint at long-term deal for Kenny Dalglish
I ca n't help but wonder how things might have turned out if King Kenny had been appointed already in July , rather than in January . Would the transfers have been different ? ( Fucking aye , he probably would n't have signed Poulsen , Konchesky ) Would Mascherano still have turned into a whiny bitch and gone on strike ? ( Who knows ... ) Would we have been in a relegation battle for a while back there , due to flawed tactics and underperforming players ? ( Who knows ... ) Still , nothing Kenny has done , has given neither fans nor owners a reason to not have full faith in him .
'No player is bigger than the club . ' Love hearing this from both the owner and Kenny . : )
I hope to God he stays on . He 's brilliant , through and through .
I imagine it would have been different , probably a little better , but no reason to dwell on it as it ca n't change anything . We 've been through our lows , time to look toward the future .
Has anybody applied for the supporters committee ? I am thinking of applying
I thought about it but I 'm too lazy to think up a load of bs reasons why I 'm suitable .
Which category would you apply for ?
I did , just for the hell of it and the possible free trip to Anfield . I do n't have any hope whatsoever of being picked , but whatever . I am an international supporter ( USA ) so I applied for that one .
The big players who have left Liverpool FC
God on Torres : 'There is nothing wrong with the front of the shirt , it is the name on the back '
The best striker I 've seen play for Liverpool .
wtf is going on in that thumbnail ?
This Gulacsi lad has got some great potential
Jones is preferred 2nd choice though . Keepers are more than just shot stoppers these days .
A compilation I found on youtube of some of his saves while he was on loan at Tranmere earlier this season .
Reina is only 28 and easily one of the top 5 keepers in the world . This guy will probably end up leaving in a few years .
Let 's hope Reina stays for a few more seasons though .
Of course mate , Jones has lots more experience and can command the box relatively well ( like in the AFC Cup ) . But at least it 's nice to know that you 've got a potentially good and young keeper in your side .
I see Brad Jones leaving earlier than Reina . With that Gulacsi would n't be a bad choice on the substitutes bench .
My confidence in Spaniards is shaken thus far . Two reasons why I see Reina staying : 1 ) keepers have a longer lifespan in the top flight and 2 ) he 's won a trophy with the team .
God I would be so gutted if Reina left . More so than if Torres left .
Musing On Kenny 's Tactical Options ...
Knock knock ! Who 's there ? Fernando .
BHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH ( I Pause for breath ) BHahahahahahahahahahaha
Very good ! Stolen for Facebook , of course !
Stolen from facebook , as it happens !
Kenny Dalglish hails 'magnificent ' Liverpool ( pride and respect for your club ~ @ kennethdalglish )
I got ta say , whenever they show Daglish 's reaction to a Liverpool goal , it makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside . He kind of reminds me of the grandfather who can make everything better when times get tough . Even though this win was huge , I hope to god Liverpool do n't get complacent against Wigan next week . It sure would suck to have a 4 game winning streak end at Wigan of all things . But , that being said , this was a FANTASTIC weekend . We beat Chelsea , and Manchester United lost to Wolves . Do n't think I can ask for much more .
Chelsea fans copy & paste Torres banner from a Liverpool banner . Only problem with this is they kept the Shankly Gates on the banner . FAIL .
They are n't real fans , what do you expect ? 40,000+ at the Bridge today and all you heard was 3000 Scousers singing .
http : //i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/02/06/article-1354194-0D10C56D000005DC-696_634x402.jpg
'FUCK OFF Chelsea FC , You ai n't got no history ! ! '
[ They ] ( http : //i.imgur.com/EiU5n.jpg ) do n't look to happy .
not the only thing they steal apparently ... ^^
Hahaha fuckers
fuck , thats embarrassing
Best Chelsea banner I ever saw was just a blue sheet with big white lettering ; 'Proud of our history ' . Pains me so much that there 's no trace of it on Google .
Yeah I was wondering about that myself too
That is the banner at the match !
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=I9vQzqm6Etc Jump to 0:37 for relevancy . But the whole video is pretty funny .
No matter , they do n't know much about football anyway .
That was gold . I love that everyone gets the joke but no one can acknowledge it .
I can not watch Snatch again the same way I did before I saw that Soccer AM episode . Stephen Graham is AWESOME , and I have a whole new level of respect for him .
Christian Poulsen
He reminds me of a long haired non-ginger Paul Scholes .
Did anyone see this ? Torres went to the wrong side on Sunday .
Did n't notice that ( as my torrent did n't show the teams walking out for the second half ) but I did notice Torres giving a good 10 second look at the away supporters in the corner . He also appeared to clap the away supporters when he walked off after being subbed . Did n't look very happy tbh , looked a tad emotional all game if I 'm honest ( though could be confusing that with his regular sulky-ness when he 's having a bad game ) . Seems he was affected by the circumstances of his departure and the fans reaction . Then Meireles scored 3 mins later : )
Now that you mention it , I think I did see it ! Did n't think anything of it at the time though .
I did notice a Liverpool defender clearing the ball to Torres , as if he forgot he had been sold . ( I think it was Kelly , but it could have been Agger )
Yeah you could tell he was n't all that excited about the match . Probably just wanted to get over with it and move on .
Are you referring to Maxi 's terrible pass that went straight to Torres in the opening minutes of the game ? The thought crossed my mind that he thought Torres was his teammate .
You could almost see Maxi thinking 'what is fernando doing so deep ? oh well , ill pass to hi.. . oh wait a minute '
yes ! It was Maxi . Not trying to rag on him , because he had kind of a mediocre game , but it was funny ^_^
Lucas Leiva : From Boo-boy to Midfield Lynchpin
Ill copy and paste what i said in /r/soccer Lucas has been awesome this season and most of last season , especially against Chelsea , he broke up **ALOT** of their play and distributed the ball well . I love Lucas , simply for the fact that he has copped so much shit from the supporters and media , when things went wrong he got blamed alot of the time , yet he still wants to play for Liverpool and goes out there and gives nothing less than 100 % every single time .
He has been the ultimate unsung hero of the last few months for this club .
He 's also got the best [ twitter ] ( http : //www.twitter.com/NotLucasLeiva21 ) account out there ! =D
I do n't know what it is . I hated him under Benitez . It seemed like he was a nobody on the field . I rarely saw him do something good , but that SOB kept trucking and has become one of my favourites . I think because I disliked him so much I now took the pendulum-swing backwards and am a huge Lucas fan . He is a hard worker with no ego . He and Kuyt , in my opinion , look , and play alike .
Absolutely love the lad . Get him a new contract ASAP . *EDIT : ** Loving the fact that Lucas threads have now become the opposite kind of circlejerks .
He 's put in some great performances , but his best always seem to be against the big teams - united , chelsea , etc . where they have the ball a lot and he has more chances to make defensive plays . I would still like to see him dominate a game against west brom , where he 's passing to 6 liverpool players defended by 10 men . But no question the lad has hit the weight room and has growing confidence - maybe his hot brazilian wife helps with that .
Liverpool 's move for Adam signifies that they 're building a midfield around Lucas . Lucas is the kind of player who benefits with an attack partner in central midfield . Letting his partner move up while he stays a few steps behind to cover .
I think people -- myself included -- were a little harsh on Lucas over the past couple of seasons . Maybe it 's just because he 's Brazilian so we automatically have uber-high expectations , but he has definitely settled into the squad and improved considerably . Of course , most of the time under Rafa he was being asked the very tall order of filling in for Gerrard when he was injured or unavailable for whatever reasons . Once Carroll is involved and Suarez has settled in , Lucas should definitely begin to shine -- it wo n't be long before he 's our next most underrated player after Dirk Kuyt .
> I love Lucas , simply for the fact that he has copped so much shit from the supporters and media , when things went wrong he got blamed alot of the time , yet he still wants to play for Liverpool and goes out there and gives nothing less than 100 % every single time . Seems almost like the opposite of Torres , does n't it ? Liverpool fans give Torres their unreserved love from day one , and Torres decides to leave them for more trophies . Lucas was given a lot of shit , but he refused to leave and instead fought through to win the support of the fans . FFS , he was even booed by the fans at one point IIRC . The fact that he did n't let it stop him is incredibly respectable , and I hope he will be with us for many more years to come .
That 's pretty hilarious . I wish that was official
> If it looks like a duck , quacks like a duck ... They have had the same hair as well ...
You could clearly see it in the fulham game what he brings to those games . He was n't playing and the team looked kind of lost whenever they went over the midfield and gave possession away foolishly . He 's a attack passing outlet . When his teammates do n't know what to do with the ball they usually pass to Lucas .
I hear [ this one ] ( http : //twitter.com/ # ! /LucasLeiva87 ) is , though .
Everyone 's getting excited about Dalglish 's 'pass-and-move football ' and Lucas is at the centre of that . He allowes Gerrard and Merieles to be at their best .
His ability to spray passes into other player 's feet quickly but also controllably is amazing . He almost seems Brazilian when he does it !
Too true . I know that the system that Kenny has implemented so well is supposed to bring everyone equally into play , that is , everyone is supposed to be equally important . But i personally could not imagine the team without him . He has such an incredibly unique skillset that i ca n't really think of anyone but Busquets that i can compare him to . He 's gon na be vital in any success that liverpool and even the mighty brazil are gon na have in the near future . You can bloody quote me on that .
Carragher Arrested
I was getting tired of all these Torres jokes , but this one 's great .
Hahahahahahaha
Bravo sir . You fooled me good , I thought of Carra 's prior record and believed the headline hook , line , & sinker .
at first i was like what ? ! then i was like..nice
I was getting ready to type 'Source ? & # 3232 ; \\_ & # 3232 ; ' but then the punchline ! Nice : )
Stephen Graham Dumps on Fernando Torres Chelsea Shirt ( despite the title , still SFW )
Now thats true Scouse .
Dropped to the ground like a sack of potatoes holding his face . 50 million GBP . Stand up and get on with it , man .
I fucking love Dani . Dani does n't give a fuck
A Scandinavian Scouser . [ Here is half a second earlier . ] ( http : //www.empireofthekop.com/anfield/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/agger.jpg )
i knew it was coming
why did n't hodgson play him more as CB ? i 'm sure we would have gotten better results had agger not been used as a LB
their are too many 'why did n't hodgson ' out their
LFCNY during the LFC/Chavs game on Sunday
They are Americans ? Holy shit !
I remember that place - it was full of the nicest people I met in New York !
I was here and it was amazing . Near the end when we 're singing YNWA the camera pans to the far side of the bar , you ca n't see me but I 'm holding up the red LFC scarf next to the green one .
Where is this place ?
aww . I went to 11th Street for a couple of matches about 5 years ago or so and the people were not nice or friendly to me at all . \r So I became a Nevadas Smiths girl and then followed Keano to Legends . I do see Dwayne and Mike in that clip ! \r \r Im still a member of LFCNY , though.\r YNWA ! \r
Haha this is great ! There is a bar over here on the west coast that always brings in a good amount of 'Pool fans , including true scousers as well . I would imagine that people were able to hear you guys sing from blocks away !
Yup ! Well , it 's a mix of Americans and Scousers .
The place is heaven for us LFC fans . It really is the best place to go to here in New York for us . And thank god I live here : )
It is the 11th Street Bar , on 11th Street between Ave A and B in Manhattan . It 's the home of the LFCNY fan club .
Come back to 11th street !
Do many scousers go there ? Wherever I seem to go in the world I always bump into a scouser , I think we 're quietly taking over .
Thanks , I 'm bookmarking this pub in my phone . I NEED to go to this bar .
when i am 21 i will also come to this pub
Yes ! It 's how I can understand scouse easily . I would say a good chunk of the people are scouse expats .
Are there many Scousers actually living over there ? : o
It looks like it , because most of them are regulars each week !
Wow . If I 'm ever in New York again I 'll definitely be checking out this little pub of yours . : )
Sam Dodds - Best customer service I 've ever received
Man this is definitely the right place to post this . I 'm looking to order from Sam Dodds and all I 've heard is praise . This only makes it even better for me , I will definitely order stuff soon from them .
Definitely ! They have great customer service as they worked out payment mixups with myself as well . Although their prices for their shirts increased , they had a big sale when H+G left , so I made the most of it !
> Meireles H JSY PL 10/12 > by Adidas > $ 124 ( $ 118 ) My eyes nearly popped out at the price , though ... .
Maxi vs Ronnie ?
Is this really up for debate ? Ronnie Rosenthal’s miss was way worse . Maxi should have obviously done better but I do n't think it was as simple of a finish as one might think at first glance .
i agree ronnie 's ball was controlled and everything but to be honest i never saw that miss before
Link wo n't work for me but I think it 's best to cross that one off as just an all round poor game for Maxi . Should be back to normal at the weekend , with the squad 's current high morale and all .
Waiting for me at home today ...
I 'm thinking of doing the same . Although Sam Dodds has the long sleeve Crown Paints kit , I really like that one too .
I like it a lot . The neck looks much better than their jerseys from the past two seasons .
That 's a beauty . Just the other day at the Chelsea match , a friend of mine was sporting a # 7 Daglish jersey with the new kit in white . Needless to say it was well received by the Liverpool fans in the pub .
When I was at Glastonbury there was a stall selling a whole range of those from all over the Prem and even international teams . Would have bought a few but they only had them in huge sizes .
Too bad they only have size XS available . That is a nice shirt . Had n't seen this Sam Dodds site before , so thank you for mentioning it .
I was debating between that 1986 one I got , and this [ 1970s away one ] ( http : //www.toffs.com/Liverpool-1970s-Away-White/productinfo/1714/ ) but ultimately went with the 86 . Eventually I might get that 70s one , it 's just so beautifully simple . My only problem with these is that they do n't have the kit manufacturer logos ( either Umbro or Adidas ) on them to make them historically accurate . You can check out all of the old kits at [ htp : //www.lfcshirtcollector.com ] ( http : //www.lfcshirtcollector.com ) for the real things . Love that site .
Shit , I did n't know it was only XS . I need an XL lol .
That 's awesome ! Thanks for the link ! And yes , you 're right . The 70s one is magnificent !
Does anyone know when Carroll will be fit to play ?
Dalglish said a couple of weeks when he signed him - I imagine he 'll probably be back in training end of the month , and will probably sub on against West Ham , and start against United on the 6th of March .
Physioroom has no return date listed , but I ca n't imagine it will be that long for a thigh strain .
yeah that 's what i thought i was going to happen but i did not know if he was going to be fit by then
I read somewhere he might be out for 8+ weeks ?
he hasnt played since December so its very soon .
Liverpool former co-owner Tom Hicks seeks damages . Cun* .
All of Lucas ' touches in the Chelsea match
He 's arguably better than mascherano , he 's got better positional sense , passing and rarely gives away fouls . Masch covered larger areas with his pace but his passing was nowhere near as good . Hell , if Lucas keeps improving his long range passing he would be better than Mascherano and Alonso combined .
Quite fascinating to watch this . And I like the black & white effect when he made a mistake . Lucas is excellent at what he does , and definitely needs to be one of the first names on the team sheet . That being said , he is fairly terrible in front of goal : ) He and Meireles have been the players of the season so far .
Pretty impressive . I also noticed that out of the 45 passes he had ( 40 complete ) , only 3 were in the air , and they came in the last 5 or 10 minutes when we were trying to defend .
[ This tackle followed by a quality pass to Kuyt ( which a faster forward would probably have reached before Cech ) ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1zPLkMC1B34 & feature=player_detailpage # t=190s ) really epitomises Lucas and shows the improvement he 's made since he first arrived at the club . Rafa was definitely right this time..
Do we have a song for Lucas yet ? If not , I think it 's about time to make one .
i got to hand it to the guy who made this video must of taken a lot of work
I 'll be the fist to admit that even a season ago , I did n't believe Lucas was that great of a player . I saw some improvement at the start of this season , however , thanks to a few redditors like sink257 , my eyes have opened to what Lucas has truly become . He is a fantastic football player that is doing a great job of controlling the mid ( a place where I felt we lacked strength 3 months ago ) .
Sometimes I wonder if Cech sweeps like that knowing that the forward is n't quick . I have definitely seen him keep his line ( ie . the 18 yard line or thereabouts ) with other similar plays
Torres admits that Liverpool are the bigger club .
> money was not important to me\r \r liar that is the only reason one would go to chelsea.\r if you wanted trophies barca , man u , ac milan\r if you wanted money real madrid , chelsea\r if you wanted good home fans liverpool , newcastle
I do n't really care what he thinks any more..
The kid is so lost . He 's supposed to be this world class superstar but he 's lost his form years ago and he does n't know what to do to get it back . I think his career has peaked , the only chance for him is to leave the EPL for good .
Haha I can just imagine people saying 'Torres ! ' like South Park 's 'Timmy ! '
Ah , bless . Poor little lamb 's had a stressful week . Twat .
Torres Torres Torres Torres Torres Torres Torres Jesus Christ people .
I get the feeling Torres is trolling the premier league .
I actually believe that part , did n't he take a pay cut to come to us from Atletico ? I just think he was horribly horribly misguided in choosing Chelsea to win trophies . When he left us for another club he *might* get his name in the history books as a domestic or European trophy winner . If he stays , he will be worshipped for the rest of his life and have songs sung about him long into his old age . In time he will come to regret this move .
It 's not like he can just go where ever he wants . No one put a bid in for him , Chelsea was the only option he had . I think if he really wanted to leave he should have played out the season and left over the summer when more teams could afford him .
he 's dead to me .
Just another player at a different club . Like Nickey Shorey .
Glen Johnson : I 'll play anywhere Dalglish wants me to
He seemed pretty down-to-earth in that interview . Honestly I 'm a little surprised . I kind of had this image that he was a pouter . Glen Johnson gaines +1 rep
Seems like he is maturing into an actual professional .
i actually am starting to love this guy and he is playing very well at left back to be honest . i also give him a +1 rep for his work at left back
If I 'm understanding this correctly , Glenn has agreed to do his job . A job he gets paid an obscene amount of money to do , a job that lots of people would sell their grandma to do for free . Well , thanks for that Glenn .
Benitez on Liverpool , the 'lies ' of football , and chess .
He does n't get the recognition he deserves for the work he did with the academy . We 're going to have some quality players coming out of there in the next few years and I think the credit for that has to go to him . Just by doing that one thing he has done more for the future of the club than just about anyone in recent times .
I miss Benitez a little bit I ca n't lie . I feel terrible for the guy after what happened at Inter .
'Where 's Your European Cups '
Fantastic video but why is it a vertical strip of footage one fifth the size of the video screen ?
hahaha ! gives me chills !
This is brilliant ! I was waiting for someone to post something like this . God bless the traveling Kop .
If there was ever an advert for the old proverb 'goals in football are akin to orgasms , ' it 's the 'ooooooo ! oooooooo ! ' guy right before the crowd explodes .
it 's so awesome seeing a goal from a different angle
*'oooooo ... ooOOooooOOO ... OOOOOOOOOOOOO* ... YEAAAHHHHH '
Because it 's a camera phone .
Probably because he was filming on an iPhone . If you 're gon na film on an iPhone , hold it horizontally
Jonjo Shelvey out for 3 months with knee tendon injury . Damn .
Not good news , but he has n't been an integral part of the comeback , as long as Agger , Kuyt , and Meireles stay healthy we 're ok .
So that 's , jonjo , spearing , cole , stevie , carroll , kelly , skrtel and ( according to some reports ) meireles . Most sound like they will be ok for the Wigan game , but that is still a worrying list .
And Lucas ; he 's been integral to the midfield this season . Shelvey wo n't be overly missed , but it was nice to see a young player getting playtime for us . Hope this does n't set his career back .
meh , that time of year .
Who 'd have thought Lucas could play ? I always thought he was a nice young man and felt sorry for him but he was shite so wtf . I stand fully corrected and openly declare my wrongness although Kenny and Clarke probably get to take half the credit . Gutted about Jonjo , what a cracking young player . What 's the story with his name , by the way ?
Yeah , and by no means am I assuming he wo n't be an integral part in the future , he 's shown lots of potential . I hope he recovers quickly and fully . And yes , Lucas , I missed him on the list of my 'best of the last games ' list .
Yeah hopefully , but when you take into account the injured players wo n't have trained and lots of the fit ones where jetting off all over the place to play internationals , whilst Wigan will be more or less a fresh side . Just getting the excuses in early , just in case : ) .
Shelvey 's two-thirds hillbilly . But yeah , he 's looked really comfortable playing at this level , should probably have hit the back of the net by now but definitely looks like he 'll be making regular appearances next season . I think Lucas had a lot going against him , but he 's surprised everyone with his development over the last few months . He really makes his midfield partners play better , and when you 've got talent like Meireles and Gerrard around you , that 's vital . Who 'd have thought we 'd be this positive and optimistic in February after the start to the season we had ?
Daniel Agger shows off his tattoos
Translation I saw earlier for anyone interested : > 'Intet Set ' which means nothing seen . The Vikings eyes are sewn together . 'Intet Hørt ' which means nothing heard . The Viking has no ears . 'Intet Sagt ' which means nothing said . The Vikings lips are sewn together . > Dannebrog is the Danish name for the Danish flag . > Aggers ankles read the inscriptions 'Pain is temporary , victory is forever ' . > On his upper right arm Daniel has yet another big Viking with the inscription 'Remember You Will Die ' and 'Remember You are A Human Being ' . > Mors Certa Hora Incerta - Death is certain it 's hour is not .
Oh my but I never realised how fit Agger was =D
Downvoted for linking to the Daily Hate . Please keep this fascist shit rag off reddit and esp . the LFC sub .
looks like somebody reads RAWK . : D
1986 Documentary on Kenny . See how many future pundits you can spot . Thanks to milankakabaros for uploading
Andy Carroll , our £35m man takes training . comes a step closer to making his debut .
Sports bra ...
it 's manly
Daniel Ayala joins Derby on loan for rest of the season .
Poulson Staying
reddit what are your opinion 's of Poulson ?
He was awful every time he was on the field with Roy in charge . He 's only been a substitute a few times with Kenny in charge , so I 'm holding back any judgement . I do n't have high hopes though , since he was never anything special before , and there 's no way he should start ahead of Lucas , Gerrard or Meireles . If he does manage to prove me wrong , I 'd be very happy .
He definitely has the potential to be a solid defensive midfield option for us and Kenny seems to rate him so that 's good enough for me . He was excellent against England the other night .
Someone to play when Lucas needs a rest and the opposition is fairly limited .
Fernando Torres failed to show Liverpool respect , says Daniel Agger
having spent a bit of time in Denmark I know that there 's a sizable Liverpool fanbase there , and Danes love the EPL . Bars went crazy when a big Liverpool goal was scored . I would n't be surprised if he has more affection for Liverpool then other foreign players . EDIT : The big question is ... was this comment REALLY directed at Pepe Reina ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
> I am proud to be able to pull on my Liverpool jersey and will never go to another club in England . I would never go to Manchester United or Everton , for example . It 's about a form of respect for the club . I know I 'm in a minority but that sounds a little extreme to me and I 'm not sure whether I even believe him . I would expect that of Gerrard and Carragher ; they 're proper home-grown players in every meaning of the word . However , foreign players come and go all the time and I 'm hardly surprised when they make somewhat controversial moves for the sake of their careers . The way I see it is this : if I was a footballer , my dream would obviously be to play for Liverpool . But if I somehow ended up at some other massive club , like Barcelona for example , I would n't feel any personal passion or extreme loyalty for the club . It would just be my job until the next big opportunity came along . I 'd never be able to leave Liverpool though . Daniel Agger is a Dane playing at a foreign club in what is arguably the biggest league in the world . Why the fuck *wouldn't* he go to United or Chelsea if the chance presented itself ? Even Michael Owen ; sure he emerged from within the club and he is relatively local , but he 's still not Scouse so it 's no big surprise that he went off to United . He was my hero as a kid anyway so I ca n't stay mad at him . : P Besides , he was fucked ( in terms of fitness ) long before he left us -- we definitely had the best of him , and then some . If Agger keeps on performing well , would n't surprise me if he was over at City in a few years .
I know it 's hard to take a person at his word these days ( see Torres ) but I believe Agger . He obviously has an emotional tie to Liverpool and has a ton of respect for the club . I doubt he 'd come out and say all of this if he did n't mean it . Some players are mercenaries like Torres , but then you have others who totally respect the history and loyalties of the club . Agger appears to fall in to the latter group . But again , it 's hard to know for sure because Torres seemed to be like this , too . Agger is good enough that other clubs , like City , will always be interested . So we 'll see what happens . Hopefully he scores a few for us this year like he did for country yesterday .
There are two types of players . Those who play for themselves and believe they are bigger than any club ( Owen , Torres , Beckham , etc . ) and those who are tribal and put club above all else .
The dude 's got tattoos of vikings on his back and shit like 'Honor before Death ' or something like that . He twatted the spaniard on sunday to show his disgust for him , even Carra would n't do that . He seems like a guy who would cut off his fucking arm before going back on his word . If he says he would n't go to another English club , I believe him .
Troll .
Even if you did n't believe him , the last thing you would want to do is tell him that . You 'd probably get chopped in half with a battleaxe .
You do have a point . Maybe it 's not so risky to believe Agger in this case , but usually I would n't take much notice of these sorts of claims . I guess it does n't matter either way though ; turns out this sub is another one of those 'differing opinion = downvote ! ! ! ! 1 ' ones .
What ?
Gerrard left 'heartbroken ' by Torres transfer
Me too , Stevie . Me too .
By who 's transfer ?
Are we still talking about that Owen guy ?
What does Owen Hargreaves have to do with this ?
Post Match Thread : Liverpool vs. Wigan
Back down to earth . Disappointed but Wigan were worth it *just* about . Shocking decision to let their goal stand but they should have scored earlier so I guess it kinda evened up and they played obstinately well . As to us , we went a bit flat after Raul left the pitch . I think if anything this game showed the lack of depth in the squad that still remains , despite our recent flourish .
Good idea , I like it . I thought we were poor for large portions of the game . Wigan should never be taking the game to us . Suarez had some moments . Seemed to go down way too easy , but I did n't see any dives . Will just take time to adjust to the physicality of the EPL . Was Raul injured ? He has n't gone the whole game in a while . Just wonder what 's up with that . Jovanovic and Ngog contributed absolutely nothing . Poor result , but yeah we should have won 1-0 . I was kind of scared about this game because I thought we might be a little overconfident . This might be the end of our run for 4th , sadly .
I think we can call ourselves unlucky , we lost Agger and Gerrard and Luis was denied by the bar twice . Yeah we were shit for large parts of the game but Kenny made some substitutions and we got back into the game . I am gon na look at the positives , we were able to adapt to the opposition and Luis played like a fucking pitbull .
I feel bad whining , but they kept showing Gohouri 's 'Man of the Match ' goal and it just got more off-side each time . Hopefully Carroll can bring some extra danger to our attack and Suarez can continue acclimating . He seemed really at home with Kuyt and Meireles alongside him . Thoughts on a permanent 4-3-3 ? I know it would be a sin to relegate Suarez to a wing role , but it looked dangerous .
I had a feeling this was going to happen . Come off of a 4 game winning streak in which one of those wins was at Stamford Bridge , against Chelsea , who just signed your former star striker . That being said , a draw is better than a loss against Wigan . But my fucking god , that Wigan goal was offsides
I 'm typing this as I watch tottenham go ahead 2-1 vs. sunderland . We might have better strikers in Suarez and possibly Carroll , along with Gerrard and Meireles offering a lot going forward , but they 've got a better attacking unit as a whole . They 've got 6 or so quality offensive-minded players . Modric , Bale , Lennon , Pienaar , VdV , then Defoe and Crouch . Top 4 is still a long-shot for next season , especially with man city . I know Kuyt is liked by many fans but I do n't think we can get a top-4 spot with Dirk Kuyt and Maxi Rodriguez as our starting wide men . They work like hell but how many times do they get around defenders or score goals ? at least we know top 4 might be out of reach this year and can let suarez+carroll settle in with ease .
Your recent flourish also included the same type of performance against Fulham but you squeaked by with an OG win . Pool are far from out of the weeds .
> Was Raul injured ? He has n't gone the whole game in a while . Just wonder what 's up with that . I was wondering the same thing - we 're much poorer once Meireles comes off .
Jovonovich looked like he struggled to WALK with the ball . I do n't think it 's the end of our run at 4th . We just need to get 4 points from West Ham and United . United did n't look amazing today so I think snagging a point from them is a real prospect EDIT : Additionally , our reliance on our direct opponents losing ( Chelsea and Spurs ) has increased . If Spurs win today I will start to doubt our shot at fourth
Yeah , this game was heartbreaking for me to watch . Especially the second half . Not sure why Kuyt was taken off so early , if anything I thought he would have been pulled off in the 80th or so . And yeah , not sure what is up with him not playing a full game yet . The last 15 mins were so tense for me . I felt we had too many chances that were never capitalized on . Like you said , it 's sad to see this as our 4 game run end . We really need every point we can get at this point . Should have been 3 points . Maybe not an easy 3 points , but 3 point nevertheless .
I had the same weary feeling going into this game . Jovanovic killed me when he came in , ugh .
Ngog looks at least decent . He 's there to hold up the ball and play off others , and he 's shown he can finish in the Europa league , although for whatever reason he ca n't do it in the EPL ( a lot of Europa teams are probably lower tier epl quality imo ) . Jovanovic is just awful . what happened to the jovanovic of the World Cup ? Wigan though have always been good at going forward . Martinez preaches that . their defense , though , are easily taken apart , and i think we showed them that in the second half . we just need to finish ...
i like it . are you thinking johnson , agger , carragher , kelly -- -- kuyt gerrard , lucas -- -- -- -- -meireles , carrol , suarez\r *Edit** actually i want meireles behind carrol and suarez
I think Kuyts versatility makes him worthwhile , but I think Maxi is , at best , a Liverpool sub
I 'll point out that we also had a legitimate goal disallowed 5 minutes into that game . I think injuries took their toll on this one . Our lack of width has been well compensated-for by the Gerrard-Lucas-Meireles combo . We were missing one today , and lost another early in the second half . It 's pretty clear the squad is n't back to CL-quality yet , I do n't think anyone here believes otherwise . But the width of the post stood between us and a win twice today , which would have put us on 5 consecutive wins .
I do n't think anyone here would deny that our team is thinly spread at the moment . Not sure what you mean by 'out of the weeds ' though . We 're sixth in the league , just gone 6 league games undefeated , beat Chelsea convincingly on their own ground . As has been pointed out , we deserved the Fulham win , and your luck tends to even itself out over a season . Also how many times have we seen United and Chelsea scrape a 1-0 ? 1-0 is three points , and that 's what matters . We would 've won 1-0 again today were it not for a blind linesman .
Nope .
Just heard Kenny say that Raul has a virus and was vomiting at halftime . Guess that 's a fair excuse for being subbed off so early , hah .
Yeah Sunderland just took the lead over Spurs so that helps . But if this result holds , Sunderland will jump us to 6th . But I 'm not really worried about them , more Spurs and Chelsea .
Sending in Jovanovic was justified because he 's a big guy and offered more aerial threat . Wigan are a very physical team and they were n't letting us play a passing game . Jova 's job was to hold up the ball which he did pretty well and we dominated the last fifteen minutes .
I think you 're where you belong . Or maybe a position lower .
You did n't 'deserve ' the Fulham win . Congrats on the points . I think your level of play has not actually increased much . Your luck has . And it will even out . Already started to today .
My thoughts exactly . I 'm not watching spurs , but their lineup looks kind of spotty . Are they throwing away the league for champions league ?
Wherever you are on the table , that 's where you deserve to be because that 's how many points you 've earned . Luck has a lot to do with it sure , but there is no unfair advantage for any team .
I think you should actually watch some games son . That utterance only points out your shortcomings in understanding of football .
DUDE , FUCK OFF
What 's the point of you ? Some kind of mild troll ? Obviously not much of a football critic . Irrespective of the team you follow , you can appreciate form , and Liverpool 's recently has been very good . It was n't luck that saw Chelsea have only two shots on goal last week , nor was it luck that saw us comfortably beat Wolves and Stoke . We got vaguely lucky against Fulham , but on balance , having had a legitimate goal disallowed earlier on in the game , yes we deserved the win . I seriously doubt you 've even seen those games from the way you 're talking . If you had you 'd see that the quality of the play was vastly improved since early January and before . Hell , even some of my die-hard United friends admitted that our form has shown a great improvement . Sure we 've had off moments , but the overall quality has got better .
> You did n't 'deserve ' the Fulham win . Please explain , Mr Troll .
[ deleted ]
I was referring to quality of players .
Unlike the English , a lot of us do n't go with 'deserve . ' It 's ridiculous and childlike thinking . Let me know when digging up the diamond from it 's 90s grave means a team is playing better .
The thing is that people turning on Roy was n't just about the performances on the field ; he failed to earn the full respect of the supporters due his lack of understand of the values that the club and its supporters have ( granted , it was n't easy for him as he walked into a huge mess ) .\r Dalglish , naturally , gets what the club is all about . Therefore he 's way ahead of Roy before we have even get into what 's happening on the field . If you want me to elaborate this , drop me a line and I 'll point you to the right direction.\r \r And I do n't want to read too much into players ' body language , but the lads seem a lot more enthusiastic , energetic and the team spirit seems higher ever since Kenny took control.\r I 'm enjoying the game and how the team is playing so much more right now , and it surely is n't because I get to see few cut-ins with Kenny instead of Roy .
Quality of player + manager has us in the top 6 , definitely .
Perhaps you just have hard time coping with the term 'deserve ' and what people mean by it . I 'm sure a lot of you deal with it just fine.\r \r In general , your metaphor is moot ( and a 'childish ' attempt to be witty ) but referring Dalglish as the diamond is bang on . I assume that your 'Let me know ' is purely rhetorical as you seem to be holding your eyes and ears shut and going 'lalalalalalalalalalaaa ' .
[ deleted ]
At least , at LFC , on the supporters ' side the values are still held high . And even more so among the local supporters . The case of Torres , imho , clearly shows that there 're still values there . Sure , world has changed , players make money and some are clearly driven by this . But values are only lost when people succumb to the cynical world view and decide to let go.\r \r > I agree they seem more enthusiastic now and that actually makes me respect them less.\r \r Care to explain ? My point is simply that Roy ( and the former owners ) was n't really doing things right .
[ deleted ]
We 're getting into interesting albeit complex issues here : ) \r \r I partially agree with you on the latter . There seemed to be quite a few supporters that did n't give Roy much of a change to begin with - and that is against the values of the club ; I must admit that I was somewhat guilty of this too.\r However , it was n't just 'doing things right ' but also that Roy did go so wrong on several occasions : undermining the supporters ' protest against the lying cowboys ( =former owners ) , going after Rafa in two interviews/comments , talking down all the aspirations we had as a club , talking down Kenny for applying for the manager 's position in the summer and talking down players ( talk about man-managing ! ! ) ... basically he embarrassed on several occasions the very club he was supposed to be managing . I 'm sure he did damage the spirit in the locker room as well.\r \r \r Hmm ... what did n't you understand about the values ... I want to clarify this the best I can ...
Little Gif . A very funny gif
Kenny Dalglish appreciates Lucas ' performance
Raheem Sterling scored five times as Liverpool U18s stormed into the quarter-finals of the FA Youth Cup with a 9-0 win over Southend United at Anfield
Good to see Kenny is continuing the work he was doing before taking his current position . He 's passionate about the youth system and developing talent . We have some really exciting young players coming through and it wo n't be long before they 're given their chance .
Sterling is one for the future , but I 'm always skeptical about FA Youth Cup 's and reserve league games . So many players shine for us there , but never make it into the 1st team . Also it seems we have a good lot of under 18 , it 's this next age bracket that I 'm most worried about not making it ( shelvey , wilson , eccleston , etc . )
Never heard of him but have marked him as one to watch out for
I 'm surprised Woy kept track of Torres in the summer .
He 's five foot seven , He 's football heaven .
Loved that guy .
[ Mourinhos favourite player . ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mxhztMuRGr0 )
Scored in Carraghers testimonial a few months back . Cracking goal it was too http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=x-0dWLauZ_g Love the player . Luis Garcia , he drinks sangria He came from Barca , to bring us joy He 's five foot seven , he 's football heaven Please do n't take my Luis away .
I would give anything to have him , Alonso and Riise back .
This guy to the left of Mourinho ( to our right ) should look familiar ... http : //i.imgur.com/nVk6B.png
I ca n't believe he knocked Chelsea out of the CL twice .
Great to see him on our bench , Mourinho really rated him .
Twice ? The other one he knocked them out of was the FA cup , was n't it ?
Ah you 're right , my mistake .
Still , it was a very important goal . I do n't remember anyone scoring so many important goals so often . Great player for us .
My first jersey ever came in today .
legit
i 'm going to follow in your footsteps
Lovely ! Did you get it from the Liverpool site ? Looking to buy a new one myself with Suarez on it seems as my two Torres tops from this year have become somewhat of a novelty ...
Nice , It 'd be great if I could find someone to trade my Torres jersey to . DAE hate the neck on this years jersey as much as I do ?
very nice . I got a gerrard one in the black and yellow for xmas . Might be picking up an andy carrol or kuyt one when the money rolls around.. ( I wish the black and yellow was our main jersey.. they are sick looking ... )
Haha I did , bought it before the Chelsea game .
My home one practically strangles me ! I have the 3rd black one too , and that one is a lot better .
I really liked our black and golds last year . These are a step down , but still incredibly sharp .
Grabbed me a white/2nd choice Kuyt . It looks great .
My home this year is awful around the neck , and last years black is almost as bad . The black jersey from last season is the slickest looking jersey I 've seen but the neck/torres on the back ruined it for me .
to me they are a step sideways.. not down . I love the texture of the new ones but I just loved the red trim in last seasons and I miss carlsburg ...
It 's why I started watching Købenvahen . They got the Carlsberg sponsorship
carlsberg looks so cool across the chest of any player ...
Liverpool should be allowed to wear the 5x patch in all competitions - yes/no ?
I do n't think so , what would be the point ? Just seems like needless bragging to me . The league is about the domestic game , no need to bring European success into it .
Meh . I 'd rather have us wear a patch with the year of every league title . It would be a rather large patch .
I do n't really see LFC as the big-ego team of the EPL . I would expect this attitude from a more flashy team , but I would be a little disappointed to see Liverpool do this .
Well considering only five clubs have been awarded the trophy permanently , it 's a fairly big deal , in my opinion . Clubs are supposed to brag about their success . That 's why the supporters chant about winning it five times , about Chelsea having no history , etc . Yes , there is something about keeping domestic competitions separate from Europe , but I do n't see why not wear the patch . Maybe I 'm in the minority .
I 'm with you on this one . We do n't need to list our acheivements on the sleeve . The club crest tells it 's own story .
Exactly this . The club crest is the only patch necessary . Liverpool FC does n't need to remind anyone of our accomplishments . The name does it just as well as any patch could .
Liverpool vs Sparta Prague Preview & ndash ; Gerrard & amp ; Agger Injury Updates
does anyone know if this will be shown in the u.s. ?
: )
Im not sure . were the group games shown there ?
Gerrard and Agger did n't make the trip to Prague . I 'd rather have them rested and play the return leg anyways .
Andy Carroll & Jay Spearing Back in Training Pictures
Someone just created a wiki page for Raheem Sterling this morning .
It will be deleted , since he has n't made his professional debut yet .
Next step : order your blank # 7 kit . We 'll all know it 's for Sterling .
Dammit wikipedia : (
Really ? They do that ?
Apparently he 's just been named to the squad for Thursday , I do n't have a definite source yet though . edit : he 's on the Europa League squad list [ here ] ( http : //www.uefa.com/uefaeuropaleague/clubs/club=7889/index.html ) and is mentioned in an article [ here ] ( http : //www.clickliverpool.com/sport/liverpool-fc/1212467-raheem-sterling-in-line-to-make-liverpool-fc-history-in-prague.html ? )
: / Suarez is 7 ? Did a miss a joke ?
[ Yes they do ] ( http : //bit.ly/icnWfW ) . Article was previously deleted as well : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia : Articles_for_deletion/Raheem_Sterling
Sterling wears # 7 for the youth team . He 'll have a new number for the first team : )
Yep , it 's gone now . Rumor has it he 'll be on the bench this Thursday , if he comes on he 'll be Liverpool 's youngest ever 1st-team debutante . Which will probably get him a wikipedia page .
3,11,13,15,19 ? some thoughts : P
My guess would be 11
I mean , if I was a young attacker I would kill for a number like 11 , but is he that big of a deal ?
Andy Carroll in line to make his debut against Manchester United next month .
[ What do I win ? ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/r/LiverpoolFC/comments/fiahu/does_anyone_know_when_carroll_will_be_fit_to_play/c1g5cgr ) Just kidding - this is great news !
Am i supposed to give you something because i asked the question ?
I know this is wrong but ... Ha Ha HA ! Torres = donkey !
50 mill is looking steeper by the minute .
I would find it funny if Chelsea failed to qualify for the 2011-12 Champions League , but Liverpool did . 'Hey Kenny ... so I know I was a selfish twat , but we 're still friends right ? Can I come back and play for you guys ? ... please ? '
Stupid twat . Thought he 'd do better with an extra £50,000 pw in his wallet ? Stupid greedy twat .
As much as I hate the way he left , laughing at him does n't really change anything . Yeah , he has n't scored in the 130 minutes or so he 's played at Chelsea , but neither has anyone else on their team . We all know how capable he is .
i did n't watch this game did he do anything ? i 'm assuming no
We made out like bandits in the Jan . Window .
It 's all I really think about , it 'd be as good as winning a cup !
Would you have preferred he stayed ?
Join in the hate or leave !
He did a lot of getting into opportunities but not finishing any of them .
At the time I thought my world had ended . With hindsight I think Kenny Dalglish is even greater than we can even imagine . Looking forward , I think we might have scored big time . I still like to fantasize that Nando left to be a double agent and is going to play like shite on purpose !
LFC Documentary from 1989 ( For the young arses )
I 've been meaning to learn the history of the club I started following 5 years ago . Thanks !
This is fantastic , thanks for posting !
Thanks for this . I 've grown up supporting Liverpool , but that 's only been the last 15 years or so . Unfortunately , I never had anyone to introduce me to all the history behind the club so have had to try and pick it up on my own .
I 'm in the middle of Carra 's book . I got it on Kindle for Christmas . I find that his point of view is a very interesting one to acclimate me to the last couple of decades at Liverpool . The play by play of the 2005 champions league final almost brought a tear to my eye . Brilliant : P
24 seconds in . best save ever
24 seconds in . best save ever
Sure thing ! Tell all your friends ; )
Yup Yup . IMO , it is important to spread stuff like this for educating fans of the past greats !
Sure thing . Will probably do another post like this in the near future for another year . For the time being , check out this site : http : //rawk.impulsed.net/
Great read that . Looking to get my hands on King Kenny 's book now !
Why are the tabloids still linking Liverpool to strikers ?
Because muppets still buy the tabloids ?
Kenny 's press conference . How the f*ck did we survive without him for so long ?
My thoughts exactly . Why he was n't hired over Roy makes 0 sense to me . And why he has n't been named permanent manager yet baffles me . I 'm sure that will happen eventually , but why even wait ? Just do it now .
Anyone else with an online membership watch the interview ? The Czech reporter 's questions and Kenny 's reactions were hilarious . It really does feel good to have him at the helm taking questions after cryptic Benitez and underwhelming Hodgson ( no disrespect to either ) . Though some of Rafa 's rants were classics too .
A couple of other comments have mentioned , but he just feels like the right fit . He exudes confidence and makes everyone around him believe we can do great things . Compared to Hodgson seeming a bit out of his depth , Kenny seems the perfect man to right this ship and steady everyone 's emotions . YNWA
It 's scary that so many people think Sterling should be starting in the league right now because of one great game . He 's young , he 's great , but he 's not Fabregas . He needs more time , needs to finish his last year of school and keep maturing before we should even think of making him a first team player . Rushing him into the squad will do nothing for him in the long run .
No need for owners committing to him now ... yes he is awesome , and i hope he does become permanent , but they know he isnt going to go anywhere , top 2 next year if he becomes manager .
He 's not fabregas . He 's 15 . On an unrelated note , he goes to the same school that my mum went to .
Totally related . Nice one .
Rebuilding Expectations : Rafa Benitez 's reformation of the Liverpool youth system has helped secure the club 's future .
It 's obviously great news it 's doing so well and all credit to Rafa for getting it back on track but it begs the question how was it allowed to get so bad in the first place ? From memory I can only think of Stephen Warnock and Neil Mellor who have graduated from there in the last ten years and gone on to play at a high level of the game . I think that is pretty shocking in itself . The future looks good though , I ca n't wait to see how the current crop of youth develops .
Raheem Sterling named to the Europa League roster and is headed to Prague for this weeks match .
I saw Pacheco on there . I hope he plays . I want to see him .
Not the most renowned source I know , But to back it up he 's been moved to the squad list A on the [ Europa League site ] ( http : //www.uefa.com/uefaeuropaleague/clubs/club=7889/index.html )
Well it 's been posted on lfc.tv so that 's official . Kenny said he was going anyways despite the performance in the Youth Cup . Would be awesome to see him get a run out .
Good to see young talents being rewarded like this . But still a bit skeptical on how he would perform on the big stage . Is it too early ? But hey , if the king thinks it 's right , then it 's right .
I think he needs a lot of time on the field in front of 40k fans before he becomes anything . He 's seemed much to weak ( physically ) and unconfident to make an affect every time I 've seen him play . If someone could offer a link to change my opinion , I would gladly sing a different tune .
Good reward for a good performance - doubt he 'll play though .
[ here you go ] ( http : //www.skysports.com/story/0,19528,11669_6755802,00.html )
I think it 's more of a reward for doing well and a learnign experience than anything else . Maybe one of the young players will get a run-out if the team is doing well , but I suspect this is more about exposing them to the first team than actually putting them on the pitch .
My thoughts exactly . I think the only way one will get a run out is if we 're up two or three goals . This will be a good learning experience for them .
Also lets them know that they 're very much a part of the club 's plans and that they 're expected to reach that level someday .
Europa league feeds for Sparta Prague v Liverpool .
http : //atdhenet.tv/ http : //www.myp2p.eu/broadcast.php ? matchid=105137 & part=sports anyone got any others ?
Match thread : Sparta Prague v Liverpool
This game could not be any more boring , even if it tried . Also , Cole has been shit . He 's given away more often than not , trying to do too many fancy flicks .
Draw here then get them back to Anfield and do them 3-0 . Easy game .
[ Raheem Sterling will not feature in tonight 's game ] ( http : //i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/02/17/article-1357850-0D39CCEF000005DC-102_468x313.jpg )
I 'm really hoping Pacheco gets a run . I personally have n't seen him , but I 've only heard good things about him !
who is wilson ?
Bah ! Sitting in a pub waiting for them to turn the game on with all the staff shouting at eachother ! Never coming here again ! !
Repka looks like a serial killer that has n't slept since his last kill .
this Repka guy looks like a total thug ...
This is one loud , enthusiastic crowd .
And we just brought on Skrtel for N'gog . I was hoping for Pacheco , but Jovanovic would be a better choice : ( . EDIT : Hell , we have n't even hit target yet .
Makes sense , while he did well in the FA Youth Cup and the signs are there that he could become a excellent first team player he needs experience and time to realize that potential , not throwing in at the deep end too early .
Fair bit of speed and ball control , needs a lot more match experience .
Danny Wilson . Scottish ( ? ) Centerback . Youngin if I recall
It 's better than econ class : (
Was that local ?
Repka was sent off on his debut for West Ham back in 2001 : )
They were going on about his red card record all night on Channel 5 . Was lucky to only get a yellow for that shit with N'Gog as well .
I think we 're playing an extremely tactical 5-5-0 . Yawn .
Is he on right meow ?
Yea he 's Scottish and 18 , he was bought during the summer .
local to ... where ?
He was probably deported in his West Ham debut in 2001 .
Kind of like a Woy formation : / , and a European Woy tactic .
Liverpool !
ah no > _ < sorry . USA
Ah , right . Apologies for the ambiguity earlier , I confused this sub with r/Liverpool .
Liverpool former co-owner Tom Hicks can not sue in US - Seems like good news ...
I 'm not a law expert , but I imagine he 'd have a much easier time in a Texan court than one over here..
What exactly is the LFCTV thing ? Is it standard for most premiership teams ?
I subscribed for a year or two , and though I 'm constantly tempted to go back , it 's really not worth it . Match highlights ( w/ a 24 hour delay if you 're not in the UK ) , interviews and such . It 's cool , but not $ 10/month cool . PROTIP : 'Like ' Facebook user MilanKakaBaros . He rips and uploads most of the highlight videos from LFCTV .
Not all Prem teams , no . Liverpool , United and Chelsea are the only ones with TV channels .
It 's the official LFC website , whether its worth it or not really depends on your opinion . I 'm not a subscriber but I imagine they have a crapload of content you would n't be able to get anywhere else .
i have considered it . but at 53 euros a year , and you dont get to watch all the games live ... not sure what the benefit is ... seeing how i can watch all the games for free over the net , or pay the amount to a cable company and watch all the games . sure you get a lot of videos , and interviews , but 53 euro can be spend on a lot of things . like a new Suarez 7 shirt . YNWA
this one ? : http : //www.facebook.com/footyfilms or this ? : http : //www.facebook.com/pages/MilanKakaBaros/364134199097
Footyfilms .
Hicks & Gillett – 5 Epic Swindle Lies They Told Liverpool Fans
Five Reasons Liverpool Should Stay At Anfield
I have a feeling this summer Henry will announce a rennovation project at Anfield to add 5-10 thousand seats .
Kenny not giving up on Cole
I think its to soon to judge him . Let him get fit and see how he performs .
Cole is an awesome player , but it comes too irregularly . He 's always injured , and even when he is n't , he is inconsistent . I 'd be happy if Kenny could get him to perform at 70 % of his capabilities all the time instead of being shit 90 % of the time .
We 'd have been far better off keeping Aquilani instead of signing Cole . At the moment , I ca n't see him becoming much more than a final-15 minutes sub when we need a goal .
Kenny is the greatest man alive and if anyone can stop Joe Cole from being shite , it 's Kenny . However , Cole is shite , always was , and if we can sell him and at least recoup his wages then that 'd be fine by me . Fat , crippled Chelski reject .
He 's not really shit . he 's a wonderfully talented footballer who has extreme gaps in form and is injured more often than he isnt . but he is definitely not shit .
Raheem Sterling with a brace & Conor Coady with a thunderbolt as U18s beat Stoke 4-1
Video - Bill Shankly Legend
Kuyt : My future is at Liverpool
Put your hands up for Dirk Kuyt ! What a legend . Good on ya Dirk !
AWWWW YEEEEEAH
Love his work rate , ca n't help but wish he converted more of it into assists or even better , goals . His loyalty is refreshing and I enjoy watching him play , but sometimes he reminds me a little of playing football with a really hyperactive dog . He runs all over the place , snapping at heels , chases every lost-cause ball , falls over the ball sometimes and looks like he does n't quite know what he would do if he actually did get the ball for an extended period of play.\r \r TL ; DR : I really like Kuyt but wish he suddenly found awesome form and scored a meireles-like 5 goals in a row\r \r
Great player , but god he 's ugly .
I put my hands up in the air sometimes Singin aaaa-oh , Dirk will stay-o
[ Eeeeeyyyy , ish Dirk ! ] ( http : //a3.twimg.com/profile_images/1241356630/image.jpg )
Does anyone else think he looks like bill s. preston from bill and ted 's excellent adventure ?
Ya neither of them have much room for taking off haha
Yeah , he does bear a resemblance .
Juventus refuse to meet Aquilani asking price
if Juve wo n't honor the deal they agreed to , Take him back and fit him into the squad or offload him for what he 's worth .
He 's worth the 12 million at a minimum . If Juventus wo n't pay that , we should take him back and wait for another Italian team that will . I 'm sure Milan or Roma would n't mind a great midfielder next season . I doubt he 'll play much with Liverpool , he seems to get homesick way too easily .
Bring him back . He can contribute and we need as much depth as possible .
Should we have an interest in taking him back ? Seems to have gotten over his injury worries , and he was definitely a decent passer . Would he work with our new great passers , or just be a bench player behind RM ?
He does n't fit in with the epl , I say sell him for 12 mil to another team .
Either way , we should have him back . If he 's not starting then we have a good option from the bench . If we lose Gerrard or Meireles , who 's going to take their place ? Aurelio ? Not a natural CM and breaks too easily . Shelvey ? Promising , but a couple years away from that . Cole ? For fuck 's sake ... . I still think sending Aquilani on loan ( and with the buy-out clause as part of the loan deal ) was the worst single decision made during the Hodgson era .
I would n't mind taking him back , he looked quality the few occasions he actually played for us . Fitting him in would be another matter , maybe something like a barca style 4-3-3 would suit him .
Same was said about Lucas very recently . Aquilani played well at times last year . When he 's fit , he can contribute . Like severedfragile said , if Gerrard or Meireles are injured , we have no depth . Shelvey is not ready yet . We also need to bring back Insua asap .
If not the worst , at least in the top 5 . I think having RM , Lucas , and Aquilani in the mid , with gerrard , carroll , suarez in front , would be an amazing lineup . And even if you wanted to keep the 5-3-2 or some semblance of it , he could be a great backup for gerrard , rm , and even suarez to play on the left side a bit . I know he is relatively untried in the league , but he was given no opportunity to show if he could fit in well here , and he has shown signs in juve that he would be a good addition . To let him go for anything below 12M would just be stupid .
I would love to see him integrate , I just do n't see it happening . Sure everyone said Lucas would n't fit in , but the difference , I think is Lucas wanted it . He had the hustle and the heart and the thick skin to become a Liverpool mainstay . I think Aquaman being in Italy ( his home ) and seeing how much he was valued and respected there will lead to him feeling resented and pouty if he returns . I see Nando junior on the horizon . Perhaps I 'm being cynical , but I think if Napoli wants to throw down 12m we should take it . Get Michael Bradley or Adam or somebody : P
I 'd sell him in a heart beat for Michael Bradley : )
If he flourishes at Villa I think he 'll want to stay in England with the likes of Dempsey , Guzan , Howard , Holden , etc . Here 's hoping Liverpool can sign him ( ... he never wants to join my team in FIFA : ( )
New deal for Reina ?
Definitely worth it , who would we replace him with if he left ? Also the new contract should remove his 25mil Buyout clause if there is one at all .
Yep he deserves it , and well worth the $ $ $
He does deserve it , but did n't he sign a 6 year deal only last year ? Does this new one extend that one even further to 7 or are they just increasing his salary with the same contract length ? No quotes from player or agent either , hope it 's legit .
That 's why I put the question mark in the title because of the lack of quotes . But given how he 's constantly linked with other clubs I think it is highly likely the club would try to tie him down to a longer more lucrative deal .
Liverpool friendly at Fenway to be considered
A friendly would be cool . I do n't know about a baseball field for it .
Oh dear god please let this happen .
Liverpool *v . Celtic ? ? ? * I 'm sure that would be mouth-watering for Bostonians .
Bring it on ! I 'm planning the road-trip to Boston now !
They actually had a friendly between Celtic and Sporting last summer . My roommate went and said Fenway made for a decent football venue .
[ looks good to me ] ( http : //d.yimg.com/i/ng/sp/reuters/20100722/01/194784605-22072010013920.jpg )
What 's your favourite LFC goal ?
[ Gerrard against Olympiakos ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=o64vs9ZVnec ) . Not just the significance , but it 's a great goal as well .
The two that come to mind for me are : [ Gerrard 's equalizer against West Ham in the 2006 FA Cup final ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4fsfT5jmcbE # t=3m20s ) and [ Luis Garcia 's goal against Juventus in '05 . ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wYYwQY9s0hA & feature=related )
[ This ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6IyRjEErTbU & t=4m17s ) \r I was a young kid back then and the only way I could follow the match was through updates on teletext . I was so pumped up , more so when I saw the goal from Sky news afterwards . Just brings back memories.\r
Gerrards goal in the FA final against West Ham .
Came to say Gerrard against Olympiakos , but that 's already mentioned . My next favourite is Aurelio 's free kick against Chelsea .
Again not a particularly important one , but the technique [ Stevie G showed here ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=GrPj4Me4CZ8 & feature=related ) is just pure class . YNWA
Beast of a goal , only I did n't see it . I was down the pub watching it but had a massive argument with someone and stormed out just after half time when we were losing and went home straight to bed . I got up the next morning still fuming we 'lost ' , when I picked up the morning paper and saw all the pictures of Stevie celebrating my head was filled with fuck .
Definitely the Gerrard goal in the 06 FA Cup Final for me . 'Take a bow , son . ' My second favorite would probably be Gerrard against Man Utd in the [ 2003 Worthington Cup Final ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=Zt_xEjvJzPY ) .
Aurelio 's free kick against Man Utd in the 4-1 beating at Old Trafford was awesome .
Liverpool linked with Celtic LB Emilio Izaguirre
I 'd rather we be linked with Galatasaray LB Emiliano Insua ...
We could definitely use him back , and the new Galatasaray coach does n't want loan players , so I do n't know why he 's still there . Apparently , he 's been registered as a part of the liverpool squad for the rest of the season , so I do n't understand why he 's still running around a training pitch in Turkey .
is it that bad ?
Yeh I really thought he was coming back in January . Shame .
Under-18 's coach Rodolfo Borrell optimistic about Liverpool FC’s crop of talented youngsters
Cult Hero : Rob Jones
Before my time and not the most comprehensive article , but I always like to pick up a little more knowledge about our past players .
Also [ This ] ( http : //www.thisisanfield.com/2007/09/rob-jones-the-best-we-never-had/ ) And [ This ] ( http : //www.guardian.co.uk/football/2008/apr/27/liverpool ) - provide more in depth info on Rob
If you are talking cult heroes it has to be Erik Meijer , crazy bastard . Some of the anecdotes about him are brilliant .
When I was growing up Rob Jones was my favorite player , mostly because I played for a local junior team for years as a full back and and I never ever scored . So I would watch the reds every week and wait for the day for him to bag a goal . It never happened but I remember him hitting the post from a header once .
Liverpool’s New Stadium : Nearly A Decade of Scrapped Plans & Broken Promises
Just refurbish Anfield already . Rebuild the main stand with one of [ these ] ( http : //tendonitis.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/huskystadiumrenovation_6.png ) on top , add more boxes above the Anfield Road stand like [ this ] ( http : //farm1.static.flickr.com/91/216896816_fb4989035c.jpg ) , then put a scoreboard above it like [ this ] ( http : //www.cayugagymclub.ca/Lacy % 20jumbotron.JPG ) : Problem solved . You save the history and character of Anfield , you add boxes and increase the capacity by 10,000 , You do n't have some cookie-cutter new stadium people will get bored of in 10 years and you save a couple hundred million pounds which you can use to buy Fernando Torres ( ... no not that Fernando Torres , [ this one ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fernando_Llorente ) ) .
Needs to be sorted asap one way or the other !
No worries , everyone . Henry and Co will revitalize not only Anfield , but the surrounding area as well . I 'm a Red Sox fan so I 've seen it first hand . They really are some of the best owners a team could have , for so many reasons . This being one of them .
> which you can use to buy Fernando Torres ( ... no not that Fernando Torres , this one ) .\r \r ಠ_ಠ\r \r
I do n't know , the way he was navigating around the Barca defense this weekend he might be better than El Nino .
Ah nevermind ... I did n't know that Llorente was also Torres . Anyways , I'v heard good stuff about him ...
Incredible Ajax Suarez sendoff - Ajax fans sing YNWA
WOW . Never seen a send off quite like that . What a great show of mutual respect .
Did they spent some of the money on that fireworks display ? man , that was an awesome send off
Any mirror ? Ca n't seem to get it working
Read the title and thought Suarez killed somebody and got a red card x_x
What a sendoff . Ajax and Suarez are class .
Try it in IE - the video uses Microsoft Silverlight , which is a plugin in Firefox but natively installed in IE I think . Stupid , I know .
I could n't watch the first clip ... Is this a mirror ? : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=NIlw6-7wtSE
Ah yeah that worked . What a contrast to see that after we saw how Torres left ... And much respect to Ajax/Suarez . Respect for each other on both sides .
nah not the exact same , but you get the same result . Skip to 3.50 or so .
Yeah thats the same event , but yours is from a fan 's perspective ( mines from the camera guy following Suarez around ) . Interesting to watch as well !
Yeah , contrast but you ca n't compare the two transfers . I 'm sure things would have been different if Suarez had left for some club like Feyenoord . Having said that , Respect for Ajax fans . You are awesome .
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=NIlw6-7wtSE & feature=player_detailpage # t=225s\r \r You can embed a time in the youtube URL , the link here jumps right to the business end of the clip .
That 's an awesome picture of agger
If someone could give me a decent photo i could do something very similar if you want
Is there a larger version ?
Context ?
[ Agger ] ( http : //lmgtfy.com/ ? q=agger )
i 'd love to see one too =D
[ TinEye has a few slightly larger images . ] ( http : //www.tineye.com/search/4f32c1d394ad112e01e0feecdabf5803825794d5/ )
Someone posted it on RAWK and I asked if I could use it . I assume the guy made it himself so I do n't think there will be any other sizes floating about .
[ Dick ] ( http : //www.reddit.com/user/redadil4 )
yeah I was feeling bad about putting that up all day . Some guy did it to me a week ago and I thought it was a pretty cool website
The King tells everyone to be patient with Carroll , and the two of them are not dating
Andy Carroll Returns to Full Training Pictures
Kyrgiakos looks like his uncle in the picture of them beside each other . If Carroll fills out to be that big and keeps his pace he 'd be unstoppable
haha joe cole is sizing him [ up ] ( http : //thelfczone.com/site/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/carroll3_4d627cd562e96174118992.jpg )
[ oh my god he totally does ] ( http : //thelfczone.com/site/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/carroll6_4d627ced7c293787869821.jpg )
Carroll could make Kop debut THIS weekend – Report
Would be great ! I figure the more time he gets on the field the better . The more time Carroll and Suarez have to get a relationship and the more chance we got of wining games
Fantastic news , though I ca n't help but notice the match is West Ham AWAY from home . No Kop debut for you ! Also , didnt the Mirror report that he would be injured for the rest of the season ? Then ready for Man United ? Now this weekend ? Hmm ...
[ I think not . ] ( http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/latest-news/agger-gerrard-carroll-latest )
yep i cant wait to see the partnership they form both work very hard for the team going to be a hand full for any defense !
Would be nice for his first game to be against the Hammers rather than in at the deep end against ManU , which will be a much more feisty game .
i was about to put this [ link ] ( http : //www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/sport/football/3425133/Andy-Carroll-set-for-Liverpool-bench-on-Sunday.html ) up before i saw this , but i like yours better
More likely to make his debut some time after the Man Utd game in my opinion , but let 's see .
Wtf , why are you linking to that shit ?
what part of i like yours better do n't you understand ?
I 'm not the original poster . I 'm more concerned that you 're linking to the fucking S*n. If you do n't understand the problem with that , then I suggest you get up to speed on the subject very quickly .
OK , so the sun is full of crap . thats good to know
You 're clueless . [ Read this entire page . ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillsborough_disaster )
holy crap thanks for sharing that page i did n't know the sun did that . i also did n't know that the flames on the crest were dedicated to the people that died .
Liverpool United – Dalglish is Enjoying Himself being Manager Along With Everyone Else
Five Reasons Liverpool Need A New Stadium
There 's no denying that Anfield is tiny by comparison , but the best way I can put this is : Come to Anfield , then you 'll see why people like me will be reduced to a quivering wreck the day that it is closed .
NESV plan to redevelop the surrounding area outside the stadium the same way they developed the area surrounding Fenway Park in Boston .
Would n't the club be able to sell just the stadium name or just the field name and keep Anfield somewhere in there ? Sort of how the the Broncos play on Invesco *field* at Mile High *stadium* .
I went to my first Liverpool match about a month ago at Anfield . The neighborhood was terrible . It looked like Anfield had fallen out of the sky like a meteor onto a lower-middle class neighborhood and rained shrapnel ; there was a rotting house with a collapsed roof not 50 yards away . Inside the stadium was fine . The matchday atmosphere was phenomenal , but the facilities were unimpressive . It certainly did n't feel like the stadium of the most successful club in English Football . You do n't want Anfield , but you do n't want Jerryworld either . This is very doable . For a prototype look at NESV 's other stadium , Fenway . It has the history and the intimacy but still feels worthy of primetime and is the heart of that city . I can just imagine the new Anfield looking over the river Mersey feeling the same way .
Which considering the club 's history would be the best route IMO
They could but fan reaction would be bad - plus everyone knows it as Anfield so its not as appealing for sponsors .
U18s remain on fire - 7 in a row - Sterling scores in 4-1 win over Huddersfield Town
man i think i need to sign up .tv so i can watch these videos ! the youth team is bringing a real excitment to the club . Great to see ... any mirrors anywhere ? : P
Liverpool have had 22 different defensive combinations in 40 matches this season [ article and infographics ]
Great Liverpool blog . Everything on there is worth a read .
Liverpool in bid for Preston’s Adam Barton after numerous scouting trips – Report
Joe Cole – I’m determined to be a success here . I’m working hard every day .
[ Extended interview on the LFC site ] ( http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/latest-news/cole-my-liverpool-pledge ) Having not heard from Joe in a while , and watching the video of the interview on the site , is that he comes across pretty frustrated at this point , even flatout saying he has n't enjoyed football here thus far . He 's had some horrible luck but you can see he wants to work hard for a place in the team and to be a success . He 's probably said that a few times up to this point , but as long as it starts showing sooner ( hopefully ) or later then thats good enough for me .
Im hoping Steve Clarke can work wonders on him . We all know he has the talent , he just seems he is trying to hard . He might pair up with Saurez , since the spot light will be off him ... lets hope he brings the goods when we need him
Match Thread : Liverpool v Sparta Prague - 2nd leg
Kuyt gets that sneaky little header again , I 've seen him do that little trick a couple of times over the years . Stand blocking the keeper , take a few steps out as the ball comes in , header , GOALLLLLLL !
* Pepe - 6/10 - Looked fine for the majority of the game but uncharacteristically flapped at a cross , did n't have much to do . Kelly - 8/10 - He is going to be amazing for us , he has pace , energy , determination and he seems to get better with every game . Disappointing to see him go off injured . Soto - 7/10 - Needs to get tighter to his man , other than that he 's as tough as they come . Dagger - 7/10 - Love the way he dribbles the ball out of defence and into their half . We look much better with him at the back . Wilson - 5/10 - Did n't think he offered much going forward and was meh defensively but he 's only a kid and it 's good to see him getting a start . Lots more to come from him . Dirk - 9/10- Ran his heart out as always . Almost a different player in Europe . Lucas - 7/10 - Did his unsung job yet again . Poulsen - 4/10 - Hate to say it but he was terrible . Should have gone off at half time . Cole - 5/10 - The jury is still out for me . He needs to get a run of games and we can judge him then . Should have done better with the chances he had . Raul - 7/10 - Should have scored that chance in the first half . Our most creative player . Ngog - 4/10 - Not pleased . Turning circle of an oil tanker and much too easily pushed off the ball . One of his worst games for us . This took way longer than I expected .
I 'm predicting 2-0 with Ngog and Meireles .
Ngog ... seriously lost all respect for him . To many poor performaces . Get rid of him . Play Pacheco instead . Nice win . Was great to see a full crowd in . Shows the respect liverpool have for Kenny .
I am really excited that we 're playing Braga in the next round . Their stadium is one of my favorites in the entire world . So beautiful . Hopefully Carroll will be fit by then ( March 10 ) .
Thank God for Dirk Fucking Kuyt .
Agree on every player . Really wish Pacheco would 've gotten a run out for Cole but the Agger injury ruined that opportunity . At least we 're through and we can only get better from here with Gerrard and Carroll getting fit .
Thanks for this .
For the thread or for the hilarious prediction of Ngog scoring ? : )
He had a bit of a shocker -- no way near as bad as Poulsen though . I felt sorry for Cole too . Well deserved goal for Kuyt I thought , but would have liked to have seen Soto 's header slip past the other side of the post -- he was a machine tonight !
Heh , both I guess .
Anyone else looking forward to watching the match on FIVE tonight ?
What do you mean , you do n't like the commentators or just the way the programme is presented ?
Yep .
Rafa 's under-appreciated legacy ( x-post from r/soccer )
La Liga 2002 : Won with inherited team CL 2005 : Won with inherited team FA Cup 2006 : Won with more or less inherited team Club World Cup 2010 : Won with inherited team Left Valencia : 'I need to buy more players and do n't have ownership backing ' Left Liverpool : 'I need to buy more players and do n't have ownership backing ' Left Inter : 'I need to buy more players and do n't have ownership backing ' How is it that teams with half the transfer budget afforded to Rafa are able to finish in CL-qualifying positions while he barely clings to Europa berths ? Sorry , Rafa simply was not and is not a good manager .
> La Liga 2002 : Won with inherited team CL 2005 : Won with inherited team FA Cup 2006 : Won with more or less inherited team Club World Cup 2010 : Won with inherited team Everybody inherits teams . What did those inherited teams win before he joined ? I seem to remember Jose Mourinho inheriting some good teams . I guess that undermines everything he 's done since his Porto days , huh ? > How is it that teams with half the transfer budget afforded to Rafa are able to finish in CL-qualifying positions while he barely clings to Europa berths ? Please Elaborate . I 'd say averaging 3rd place in his first 5 seasons at Liverpool is better than 'clinging ' to CL berth . Also , the 2 teams that averaged better ? Chelsea and United . The teams that Overtook Liverpool last season ? Aston Villa , Spurs and Man City - misers , the lot of them . Only Arsenal have done better than Liverpool with a cheaper team .
Gerrard Back in Training Pictures
What in the world is wrong with his face ?
love the hunched over gerrard run !
I imagine I probably make a face no more distinguished than that when heading the ball .
The LFC Zone APP - For Iphone / Ipod Touch Users
San Diego / Los Angeles Liver Birds
I go to Shakespeare Pub , Mission Hills , San Diego . Its got a decent and lively crowd and English beers . I am getting tired of their breakfast . But then , I am tired of English food in general . Poway is just too far for me . Is there a Liverpool specific place in SD ?
> let me put it this way , the license plates in the parking lot read like this : SHANKLY LYVRBRD LIVPOOL YNWA05 KNGKNNY ... the bartenders grew up in Liverpool ... most of the regulars did too . Oh . My . Gawds .
I have a LIVPOOL license plate myself : ) Kansas though , not CA . I 'm actually coming to LA to visit some friends in mid-March . But we 'll be over in Vegas that weekend and I think we 're playing Sunderland then if I remember correctly . Otherwise , I 'd try to get out to Santa Monica . My friends live in Pasadena . Any recommendations there ? Or Vegas for that matter .
Sorry to Hijack a thread but was wondering if anyone knew of a bar in Raleigh , NC i could watch a game , and possibly be around friendly faces
[ deleted ]
Pasadena has a pub , Lucky Baldwins , that always have a good crowd of Liverpool regulars . That 's where I 'll be this Sunday .
I 'm go to UNC , but live in Raleigh . I do n't know anywhere in Raleigh , but a couple of us go to Kildaire 's in Chapel Hill , or my house . You 're welcome to either
About a dozen to two dozen usually . Depends on what day it is and who they are playing . Chelsea v Liverpool was crazy fun . It was packed with half of the pub all red , the other all blue . Beer started flowing at 8am . It went ballistic when Meireles scored , and when Torres got subbed out .
Also , where do you go for games in SD ? Shakespeare is the only place I know that opens for live games , and would like a second option if if there is one .
That place is actually right down the street from where my friend lives . Woot . Looks like things might work out.. we 'll be back in Pasadena on Saturday night , so can catch the Sunderland game on Sunday the 20th . Will they be open that early ? Kickoff is at 6:30 AM pacific time .
may have to hit up Kildaire 's when i cant watch the game w/ anyone . Since im the only LFC fan i know its difficult to talk about the team when everyone supports Chelsea .
Yup ! They open early enough for any kick off ; I 've been there at 4:30 AM before .
How is it possible there is a place where only one person supports LFC and the rest Chelsea ? MUFC and Arsenal I could understand , but Chelsea ? They 're probably Yankee fans , too .
Nice . For clarification , are you referring to the Lucky Baldwins on South Raymond Ave just off of Colorado ?
The pub itself is right off of Raymond Ave . Parking is on Raymond and Green if you 're so inclined . Let me know if you make it out there , I 'll greet you with a pint and a narwhal joke .
Will do my best to make it there for the Sunderland game . The early kickoff wo n't be a problem for me , but others in the party will have some issues . : ) Turns out that the Lucky Baldwins that 's right down the street from their place is the new one on E Colorado that replaced an old Brits Pub . So this one you 're talking about in Old Pasadena is a few miles away , but that 's OK .
Liverpool Owner Henry Praises Defensive Efforts
February 26th LFC Zone Newsletter : Last 16 of Europa League , Fenway Park Friendly Plans , Andy Carroll Latest plus tons more !
Video - Dalglish Press Confrence
Such a classy manager . Great to listen to the post match interviews again .
Post Match Discussion : West Ham v.s . Liverpool
What can you say about that ? Shit front to back . I hope Kenny rips some heads off for the lack of desire and commitment . Embarrassing .
where the hell was Agger ? Suarez did pretty well . Joe cole passed the ball to carra in the 6 yard box . anything else ?
The long balls killed me . Do we REALLY need Agger on the field to actually dribble the ball from the backfield ? Skrtel does n't know how to pass to anyone except Reina and Wilson looked a little weak . \r \r Added injury woes and no points . An embarassment of a week for the reds
Kelly was playing well before halftime . Glen Johnson was pretty decent , even before scoring . Stevie and Suarez were poor in the first half but really picked it up in the second . I 'm convincing myself that the majority of the squad were just a bit tired from playing a tough game on Thursday . The alternative to that is not a pleasant thought . That was close to our full strength XI . To get blown off the field by WHU is worrying .
Poor performance from the Reds , yeah , but the Hammers were playing out of their skins . A relegation battle can be pretty motivating , I guess . Also , if anyone is the 'new Drogba ' it 's that guy Ba . He was a constant danger- both skillful and powerful . Where did he come from ?
Does anyone else think that Kenny might have been slightly at fault today ? Yes , the players did n't seem to be giving it their all , but we were constantly being beaten in the middle of the field simply because they had three CMs to our two . He really needed to change the shape instead of sticking with what we had . Every time the attack broke down , there was acres of space for WH 's midfield to turn and start a counter attack .
piss poor
And the news gets worse ... we will probably need to win Europa to get back next year . Only top 5 will get a Europe spot now that Birmingham won .
Does anyone have any interviews from post-game ?
One thing I have to say is where the hell were Jovanovic and Pacheco ? We 're still paying those two are n't we ? So why ca n't Jova even get on the bench ahead of N'Gog ( as Jova can play as a central striker ) ? Looking grim for Pacheco ; Benitez , Hodgson and now Kenny have all passed him by without much opportunity . For all the good things we hear about him , e.g . the next Iniesta etc etc , I have n't heard him light up the reserves lately at all . Surely he must be injured or something ?
It 's sad that there 's no worst performer of the match , everyone was poor today for most of the match bar Johnson .
To be fair , there have been a good number of 'WTF ' moments with other teams ( such as Blackpool beating Spurs last week , etc . etc. ) . So it honestly proves the whole 'anything-can-happen ' in football thought process . That said , I thought Liverpool played the first half like they did under Roy . Yet in the second half , they played like they did at Wigan . Created numerous chances and should have scored , but no luck . Like I said after the win over Chelsea , they ca n't be complacent going into the next match , especially when its a team in the relegation zone . The same thing happened this week . Liverpool advanced in the Europa League , and they came back to play a team in the relegation zone , and lost . Until the season is over and you 've achieved what you 've wanted , THEN you can relax and become complacent , but you can never be complacent mid-season all because you 're playing a team at the opposite end of the table , and the odds are in your favor . I also found it funny that THE ONE TIME Rob Green performs as a decent goalkeeper is against us .
That 's what killed me the most . I know that the hammers are fighting to stay up , but they completely dominated us in the middle . I hate it when we show little will in the middle . Hoofing , bad defending , and lack of creativity in the mid . Suarez did well considering that he had almost no help up front .
Agger is injured . Came off real late against Prague on Thursday so guess this game came too soon for him .
> Skrtel does n't know how to pass to anyone except Reina I wonder what 's happened to him , he was solid as a rock when we first got him now he ca n't head , ca n't pass and does n't look like he could take a beachball off me in a phone box . Very strange for a defender to regress like that .
Tired from Thursday game is a poor excuse . ManUre played Wednesday and hammered Wigan yesterday . Players at this level should be able to play 2 games a week . Fact of the matter is that our top 11 is all we got . There 's no depth on the bench when players get injured . Only bright side with today 's game was that Suarez showed class twice , Glen Johnson had a decent game and Cole was n't utter garbage . I do n't think we intercepted more than a handful times in midfield , while WHU were stealing easy balls from us , even on our own half . Losing Kelly and Meireles with injuries was not good , hope Meireles ' is n't too bad . Let 's hope Carrol is available against ManUre Sunday , and that the rest of the team can mount a shred of pride before the game . Today there was no pride or desire , while WHU were ready to die for the team ( and got some magnificent goals at crucial times in the game )
Hoffenheim . Did good there .
Yeah I was quite excited when I heard he 'd be coming to the EPL , thought he would suit it perfectly . Esp . West Ham , if there was a club I 'd want to stay above relegation atm it 'd probably be them . Also , I picked him up in FM2010 a while ago and he ripped it up alongside Torres XD
True , but what subs would you have made ? Someone made the point in the match thread that our injuries ( Not really a point , considering West Ham 's woes as well ) and lack of depth screwed us . Our only midfield option would be Maxi ( and do you really want him on the field ? ) The shape DID kind of change when Cole came on for Kelly , but he played more of a defensive role . This summer we need to sign 2 solid central midfielders , an improvement to N'gog , and a left back . It just makes me sad when teams like Wigan and Birmingham have more depth than we do .
The sad thing is , the outcome would have been to bring on Poulsen . I know all of us would have little faith in that succeeding . I saw him warming up a bit and thought he might come on , but he never did .
I would rather have ngog on over jova . It 's a sad consequence of not playing . Those out of favour players ( cole , ngog , and Jova ) have n't played in so long their already negligIble skills have degraded . We need to unload Jova as quickly as possible . He could barely hold the ball last time he was on the field ( wigan ? ) . How about bringing in a striker who 's ok , who does n't mind bench warming for 65 % of the games of a season . Edit : and in terms of pacheco , I do n't think he 's as good as people think , but well never know if we do n't give him minutes . Loan him to some championship side next season to give him a trial in English football
kelly was doing well until his injury .
Yeah it 's not like he has n't had any match practice either , due to injuries in any position in the back 4 meaning he has to play . It 's come to the point where I cringe whenever the ball goes to his head , as it could ricochet off in literally any direction .
Depth of squad is a huge problem . When I looked at the names on the bench before kickoff I thought , 'I hope plan-A works ' because there just were n't the players for plan-B .
Maybe that 's the problem . Nobody on the field is willing to smack a slacker in the head and wake em up . Need Stevie to really take captaincy seriously .
Same effing thing here with Ba !
We brought on fucking Ngog , yes , i would 've rather had Maxi .
personally , since kenny came in , poulsen has n't done as bad as he did under hodgson . He is still terrible but he is at least a better option than ngog . I would have rather had joe cole play as a back up striker than ngog ... Babel should have stayed instead of Ngog . I am afraid of our defencive options going forward since Kelly has been one of our most efficient players . We played bad today and like our King said , We got what we deserved .
Yeah usually I would pick N'Gog over Jova , but it 's been obvious to all that N'Gog is in bad form atm . One of the things Jova DOES do well is run at defenders with power and pace , which is something we dont have atm with Johnson on the left , it would potentially add another dimension to our attacking play . Yeah I never rated Pacheco that highly either , and to me its not THAT surprising he ca n't break into the team . But you would think , of all the times , why not give him his chance now ? I dont think he 'll stay with us come this summer , as there was already talks about him being unsettled with no first team opportunities last summer and theres surely a multitude of clubs that would take him .
I think it 's not far off . We had some of the pride and desire back when Kenny came in , now some of the players are looking like they have listened to old Hodgson tapes before the game . Stevie himself took a good half to wake up today , maybe when he 's playing regularly again he can get the rest going . Hopefully , we 'll get back to dominating games again so Kenny let youngsters like Sterling and Coady get a run-in a couple of times between now and May , so we can find out how well they 'd perform in the big league next year .
Really glad I 'm not the only one who feels he 's utterly incompetent .
Rafa Benitez on Football Focus - 26/02/2011
Rafa 's response to the question about working with the former owners is brilliant . ( 3:32 )
Thanks for this . Appreciated .
It was a good question about the press . They did treat him like shit .
Just want to point out that this is not my video ( youtube channel ) and I just happened upon it from another site , so credit to the original uploader etc . Also , the idea of Rafa coming back in the maybe distant future is a real possibility , as he 's really young in managerial age and would obviously relish another opporunity . Whats everyones thoughts on that ?
I 'd like to imagine Benitez could do well working with Liverpool but in a non-managerial role , but I doubt it would happen . Rafa is the man .
Martin Kelly out for a month with hamstring injury
Shit . Not good news - Johnson back to RB and Wilson to LB ? Silver lining is Wilson would get some playing time . Sucks for Kelly though , he 's been great so far this season and deserves a bit of luck .
Shame that Kelly is out for so long . He has been quite a pleasant surprise this season .
Logical choice , although Aurelio *should* be back for Man Utd and as we know he 's had some success against Man Utd in the past with that epic free kick in the 4-1 win . I would imagine Aurelio will slot in at LB this weekend . I would n't even be surprised if Agger plays LB and Aurelio plays a bit ahead of him . We 'll see .
Is n't Agger still injured ? Also , I do n't think Kenny 's used Aurelio as a LB yet - seems to prefer him as a LM/ ( D ) CM .
Agger has been injured , yes , but it 's a possibility that he 'll be back for Sunday 's game .
i prefer Aurelio at left mid over Cole to be honest
NewsNow - best way to get Liverpool news from around the world
John W Henry fined $ 500,000 after making comments over Major League Baseball finances [ I know it 's not football but he IS our owner ]
Got a more detailed article , anyone ? I ca n't tell from this if I agree with him or not .
The fine was 2 years ago , but he 's only just now talking about it . Then again he could get hit with another fine for talking about this one .
This one 's from WEEI ( for people not familiar with New England , outside of NESN [ New England Sports Network ] , it 's about as good a source as you can get on Red Sox news ) : http : //weei.stats.com/mlb/story.asp ? i=20110301221453900404408 & ref=rec & tm=2 & src=MLB Basically , the comment AND the fine occurred about a year ago , before he became our owner .
Also , for those of you unfamiliar with Major League Baseball and the revenue sharing program , you can read up on it [ here ] ( http : //www.baseballamerica.com/today/majors/season-preview/2010/269597.html ) . Basically in simplistic terms , the big teams ( like the Red Sox ) have to share their profits with the smaller teams .
As a general rule , I do n't think you should have to explain to us why news about John Henry is news about Liverpool FC , this is completely acceptable news .
I saw [ this one on espn.com ] ( http : //sports.espn.go.com/boston/mlb/news/story ? id=6172832 ) last night .
And the wingnuts still refer to soccer as a commie sport O_o
Oh , so it was from ages ago and he got fined for speaking his mind against a bogus system . Nothing to see here , just moving along . Cheers for that .
How do you embed links in the text like that ?
It 's amazing how socialist North American sports are in general .
[ Text in brackets ] ( www.linkinparantheses.org ) No spaces in between .
Truth . But at least we use our hands as the almighty creator intended ! ! !
Thanks much
Record signing Andy Carroll for debut against Manchester United
So an appearance off the bench then ? Would be interesting to see him and Suarez together though . Especially against a much weakened United defense .
Yeah , I 'd love to see him get 20 minutes against Brown and Smalling . He and Kyrg could cause a lot of problems for them at set-pieces . *Edit** That is , of course , if reports that Rio is missing the game are true .
Haha , if SAF says he 's missing the game , he 's 90 % certain to play .
You 'll Never March Against Your Psychotic Dictator Alo-oooo-oooone .
I spotted a kid in a Chelski kit the other day . This guy obviously knows what 's up .
The best part is how he 's posing like 'WTF you gon na do about it Gaddafi ? ! '
> I spotted a kid in a Chelski kit the other day . I bet he 's never even been to Stamford Bridge .
Would imagine not . The story was focusing on west African migrant workers who were in Libya and trying to get home . The family was from Ghana , so I guess at least he has the Essien connection .
I 'm pretty sure severedfragile was joking , playing on the whole 'you 're not a real fan if you 've never been within spitting distance of your favorite player ' .
LFC ZONE Newsletter 4th March : Carroll in line for debut , Paul Robinson Speculation , Man United team news and more
[ deleted ]
Agreed but we cant force him to stay !
Raul Meireles named February 's ESPN PFA Fans ' Player of the Month
Good for him ! He has been doing wonderfully . Ca n't wait until Andy Carroll is finally match fit . It 'll be interesting to see how quickly he can impact the side .
Public Service Announcement to all Liverpool FC supporters
I 'd like a learning device to help me remember how to spell Raul Merelieserisfess ' name .
> If you forget how to spell it , think of Car Roll . Just do n't say it like that ; )
Raul José Trindade Meireles ? Easy ! as long as you do n't let the E before I screw you up its pretty smooth sailing
Haha ! Thanks ! That E and I thing always screwed me up . I only just recently started spelling his name correctly without the help of Google .
What formation should we run against MAN U ?
Ca n't wait to see Carrol , but do n't think he will be in the starting lineup . Hate the fact that Kelly is gone , since I would like to see the same formation as against Chelski . Would like to see : Skrtel Carra Agger Johnson lucas Aurelio gerrard meireles kuyt suarez Maybe a bit wider with Kuyt dropping out to the side . Also , swap out Kuyt if Carroll comes on . Obviously Johnson and Aurelio act as wing-backs .
4-1-4-1 Reina Johnson , Carra , Agger , Aurelio Lucas Kuyt , Meireless , Gerrard , ehh , possibly Maxi . Suarez . I do n't want to see Carroll start in his first game back against a team like Manchester United . EDIT : Put Johnson twice , forgot Gerrard .
It 's great to see no downvotes on this thread ... or in this sub-reddit for that matter ! Such a rarity on reddit these days . Anyways , I 'd go with frozen-creek 's formation , really excited to see Carroll .
Carroll probably won´t start , a second half sub is more likely . However , if he starts I´d like to see : Reina Johnson Skrtel Carra Agger Gerrard Lucas Meireles Kuyt Carroll Suarez The only possibility to play both Gerrard and Meireles in a 2 striker formation is to play completely without wingers and rely on our fullbacks to push forward and have Kuyt in more of a attacking mid role , not sure how well he would play there considering his lack of technique .
I get the feeling I 'm going to get a lot of crap for this , but ... 4-1-2-1-2 Reina Johnson , Carragher , Agger , Aurelio Lucas Meireles , Kuyt Gerrard Suarez , Carroll Maybe it 's just cause I believe in the 4-1-2-1-2 system too much , but that 's what I 'd do .
I agree.. I was really sad when Kelly got hurt . I am not sure how our new formation will do against man u . Not having Vidic in their defense is a great thing though ...
Are Agger , Aurelio and Meireles fit ?
Great formation
This , with a sub for Carrol , depending on circumstance , is only 1 Martin Kelly away from my optimal formation .
Right . I ca n't see Carroll starting ... but I would like to see him log about 30 minutes or time in . Ca n't wait to see Carroll get match fit and ready to contribute week in and week out .
[ deleted ]
I 'm sorry but I respectfully disagree . I do n't see us running with a lone striker up front . We tried that with 'that one guy ' too much and it has n't worked out so well . I 'd like to either see a suarez-kuyt , suarez-carroll or suarez- meireles . but who knows , I could very well be wrong .
Suarez ca n't play upfront by himself .
how about a 4-1-3-2 ? swap gerrard and kuyt and move meireles forward
I like the idea of attacking centrally because of manu 's center back issues , but nothing else about this formation works . - Kuyt playing out of position in the central midfield would be disastrous offensively - Nani and Evra would be running at johnson all game . Those two will create opportunities against any defense , not to mention a weak defender all on his own - Carroll is n't fit to start
Pretty sure yes . Read something on lfconline
From what I read , only Kelly is out .
Yeah , I put Johnson twice : / . Sorry . Lol .
Well , it would n't be a flat 4-1-4-1 . I would expect Suarez to have some help from Kuyt and Gerrard who could push forward , Gerrard behind Suarez , and Kuyt wide , and the other winger , while Meireless plays a more central role , coming in as our savior after the build up in the box again like he did when he had his 5 goals in 6 games .
Hence the wingers in attacking roles with Gerrard in an attack oriented role . Who do you want to play up there ? Ngog ?
Play with Kuyt as a central midfielder ? Doubt that would work .
No definitely not Ngog . From what I 've seen I like Suarez better playing behind someone . I 'd probably vote for playing Suarez in behind Kuyt and then Gerrard and Meireless behind them .
no more of a ram then anything..
I think that 's respectable , but then we lose some width from losing Kuyt on the outside , and whichever shit winger we ran out there is definitely not going to work , and without Kelly to run the wing with Johnson , we have little width .
interesting picture of training
I 'd like to see this happy-go-lucky chemistry spill over to tomorrow against Manchester United ( and take three points ) .
Oh man , how I miss doing karaoke 's
and ... it did : D
Liverpool-Manchester United prediction ?
It 's always the way that we fuck up a shit game then we go on to beat someone like United in the next match , so I 'm quite optimistic . Also AC should be making an appearance .
I 'm expecting the rare occasion of many goals in this fixture . Rooney and Berba are firing , but United will have a makeshift back line that Suarez and perhaps Carroll should be able to exploit . 3-2 Liverpool .
Stumbled across this : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=U3bCew9b00g I certainly hope so . I think Liverpool can do it , cause after losing to West Ham , King Kenny is not gon na take any bullshit . That being said , if the ref is Howard Webb , we 're all fucked ( he 'll be hiding a Manchester United jersey underneath his ref shirt )
We play to our competition , I expect a cracker . I 'm feeling a draw , though .
1-1 , would be a pretty good result to be honest . A win could be worth extremely much though , both in the league table and morally .
It would be nice to see Carroll put in 30 minutes of work ( I doubt he 'd start , right ? ) . He should be key to the rest of our season and maybe a Champions League spot ( crossing my fingers real hard on that one ) . While our attacking from the midfield is solid , I 'm still worried about proper distribution from the likes of Lucas .
So close mate , so close
Ref is Phil Dowd .
Never been so happy to be wrong .
Stevie and Carra share their early memories of the King
Liverpool v Man United : Latest Team News , Stats , Figures & More
Reina : I ca n't rule out leaving , or United
What Pepe has to ask himself is whether or not Torres will be remembered for joining Chelsea or leaving Liverpool . I think it will be the latter . Torres ' form was never just about what was happening or not happening in Liverpool , you only need to look at his at his performances for country to see that . As far as ambition goes , look at what happened in the last transfer window , then you have united who have just offered carrick a new contract ffs . During the bad times we needed Torres to stand up and be counted , not sulk and bide his time for a move like he did . Look where he ended up , playing for Ancelotti who is garnering about as much support from his players as Hodgson had . The writing is on the wall for him if you ask me , then where will El Nino be ? Right back where he was with us , whilst we kick on with a brighter future . What Reina has to ask himself is does he want to do the same ? Does he want to join Fergie ; who may have half the FA and Murdoch press on his side but sadly not father time . Does he essentially want to play for Henry or the Glazers ? I know who I would rather be kicking a ball for . As Kenny said , the club has to be bigger than any one player . I 'd sooner have a team without him than have deadwood hanging around who are n't committed to Kenny and putting Liverpool back where they belong . Pepe , go join a club whose hallmark of winning is cynicism , rule bending and intimidation of officials if that 's where you feel like you belong . If you have class then you know there 's few places better you can be . Kenny and the Kop will be King with or without you . YNWA
Call me cynical , but the modern athlete just does n't have the loyalty to a club that we think they should have . Look at Torres . Look at Lebron James . That being said , I think John Henry and NESV will do the right things in the summer ( no matter how this season ends ) to keep the likes of Pepe at the club .
Not the best interview if I 'm honest . Seems his main gripe is the departure of Xabi Alonso , Torres and Mascherano rather than trophy glory , as he signed a contract extension last year when he knew we 'd be playing Europa League football this season . I suppose he still wants trophies but he does n't mind waiting for them , as long as the club shows ambition to get there - the difference between him and Torres . But since we have a release clause in his contract , we might not even have a say in him departing for United , so it 's up to him - but his last quotes do n't sound good . Still , not all negative . If the owners show ambition in this transfer window I can see him staying . Also , the last time Spain played was on the 10th of February . Lovely timing by the Guardian publishing this the day before Manchester United !
I think the best explanation of why he might move is in the article itself . It has gone from a heavily Spanish cultured club to having very little Spanish left . If you can imagine having loads of people around speaking your native language , the canteen serving awesome Spanish food , and nights out together with fellow Spaniards . All that is gone for Reina.\r \r > It is not just Torres who has moved on , though . Xabi Alonso has gone too . And Alvaro Arbeloa , Antonio Nuñez , Albert Riera , Mikel San José and Fernando Morientes . So too Rafael Benítez and his staff.\r \r Hope he stays .
Completely agree . Torres will be remembered more for leaving Liverpool as opposed to joining Chelsea . And with the Financial Fairplay Rules coming up and with NESV willing to spend money , improve Anfield ( if not build a new stadium ) , with a lot of young players coming up the ranks ... I think Liverpool will certainly be looking at a very bright future . I hope a world-class keeper like Reina will see that and stick with us .
Some do , like Kuyt .
do n't forget King Luis < 3
Surely Liverpool will be spending money on Spanish ( or Spanish-speaking ) talent . Not necessarily *for* Reina 's sake but just because there 's a lot of Spanish talent that can be had .
Unfortunately I feel like the likes of Kuyt are few and far between .
Who apparently lives next door to Reina now in Torres ' old flat ?
Really ? I thought he was at Panathinaikos these days ... . I did n't know he kept his Liverpool home .
Sorry , was reading too quickly ! Luis Suarez lives next door to Reina according to the article .
Best joke I 've heard about the Utd match
hahahaha
awesome game from the lads . nani 's a little bitch , diving and crying..good on you carra gave him what he deserved . and fergie 's quiet now seriously nothing makes me happier than to see united lose : D
Yes Nani 's a whiny little bitch , but do n't go so far as to encourage a really poor tackle from Carragher . It 's only because of Phil Dowd 's desire to almost never issue red cards that Carra and Rafael survived the half . But yes , shutting up Ferguson and given Arsenal another shot at top spot is really a great weekend .
Great bit from the Kop today
I loved that moment . Dalglish really does have this ability to smile , wave and acknowledge the crowd without seeming arrogant or attention-seeking . I do n't know if a lot of other managers could pull that off .
As much as I loved Rafa , I genuinely love having Kenny out there . Such a classy guy , while also seeming like you can have a drink with him at the pub at the same time .
Or even a Boyzone show . Haha .
TIA summarizes it . Dirk Kuyt gets what has been coming to him !
The Flying Dutchman is flying !
I think it 's fair to say that Suarez and Kuyt play well together .
3 - 0
For the first time in a couple seasons it 's starting to feel like an embarrassment of riches for LFC . When you 're arguing about how to fit 13 legit , healthy players into an 11-man squad , that 's a great problem to have .
United throwing on the pressure now though .
Have the hometown fans started building a litter to carry Kuyt through the streets after the game ?
Yeah , not sure why we need Carroll now..
kuyt and suarez are really finding their stride together . i love their work ethic on defense as well .
Agreed . Still excited about having him aboard , but I would hate to push Kuyt away from the goal as a result , though I do n't know what the alternatives might be . His hustle is so infectious , completely different team dynamic with him working from the front than when Torres was operating there , at least in his last few months .
Suarez and Kuyt definitely have a great partnership . I think it will be even better when Carroll gets worked into the side and match fit . We 'll have depth and attacking power and versatility . Three up front , Kuyt as a winger and Meireles up front with Suarez and Carroll . Or just Suarez and Carroll up front . I like that we have a lot of options . Dalglish has pushed the abilities of the team and has changed up the formation and the roles a lot and , for the most part , it has worked . I 'm looking forward to a fully fit Carroll in the side !
What they say about Andy Carroll
is he playing ?
He might make the substitutes bench .
Rafa 's latest interview in the Daily Mail
Say what you want about Rafa ( I love Dalglish but Rafa was okay ) but the previous ownership really killed Liverpool in the short term .
Offers quite an insight as to what life was like under our previous owners . Also , Jovetic ? Who would 've thunk it ?
Five Young Liverpool Players Likely to make an Impact next season
Personally i think Kelly has already made an impact this season .
Surprised that Suso was n't on that list ( at least he 's playing for us unlike Insua ) - in the few reserve games I 've seen , he 's been as impressive , if not more so , than Pacheco .
I 'm looking forward to what Jonjo Shelvy can do with some more opportunities on the first team . And I 'm looking forward to Martin Kelly being a fixture on Liverpool for years to come . With Kelly 's emergence , I feel like we can rest Carra a bit more often and stretch out his career a bit more and retain that leadership on the pitch for a couple more seasons or so .
No surprises on this list . I 'd like to see Pacheco get a real shot at first team football .
He 's still 16 and pretty small . Unless he is as good as Fabregas , I ca n't see him making an impact at his age . Still needs a bit of work .
It was more a list of players who could be first team regulars next season i think Suso might have another year in reserves or so why a few others did n't make the list just a question of time really .
SC Braga v Liverpool & ndash ; Braga Info , Team News , form and more
Hillsborough breakthrough : panel to consider evidence from after 3.15pm
Justice for the 96 !
It 's been a long wait but this is one step closer . Hopefully we can get some Justice for the 96 .
'Why the wait over Dalglish ? ' It 's really only a matter of time .
He has said he wants to focus on the rest of the season . Getting into contract negotiations now will just distract him . There is no reason to rush into anything yet and there is plenty of time for it in the summer .
please o please oh please give him the job . Love his passion , Love his philosophy of football . Pass and move , its the liverpool groove !
I am not worried about it in the slightest . John W Henry is smart enough to know that the supporters would go ballistic if Dalglish is not retained permanently . Dalglish has said he wants the job . He will get it this time .
I admire that but does n't he have an agent to do most of the negotiating ? I do n't know , I just feel like there 's so much to worry about over the summer : adding more depth to the squad , getting rid of the unnecessary parts on our team , possible renovation of Anfield ( or even a new stadium ) , etc . etc . I feel like just giving Dalglish a long-term contract is one of the more easier things to do .
Gerrard out , Carroll in for Braga trip
It says Suarez is going , thought he was cuptied ? EDIT : It even says he 's ineligible , why are they taking him
Anyone else hoping that Pacheco finally gets some playing time ? I can see him subbing on for Carroll with 20 minutes or so left .
Noticed that Jovanovic is nowhere to be found . He 's not injured , right ? Should call him the Invisible Man .
So he can hang out with his team and get to know them better .
This schedule is murdering Suarez . Poor guy plays like an absolute legend one week , then has to wait 2 full weeks to play again . Such a shame . spelling
Is he cuptied for the entire tournament ? For some reason I thought it was just a round or two .
After Ngog 's last appearance , I hope Pacheco 's been moved up the pecking order enough to get a chance . I think it would be worth trying him in place of Suarez in the Europa League . Similar style , and hopefully similar quality in a few years .
Very real possibility , assuming the scoreline is going our way . He needs opportunities .
I can only pray they play Pacheco , I 've wanted to see him play forever , I missed every game he 's played in so far , and I 'd love to see him . *fingers crossed .
Ah , I see . Got my hopes up there when I saw him on the list of names travelling
Yep . The same reason Sterling went along for the last trip . Team bonding is extremely important for young players and newcomers .
Completely agree , I think once he gets into a routine and properly match fit he 'll be spectacular
I agree too . Hopefully this keeps him super-hungry for each Premier League match . I *almost* forgot what it was like to have a striker play with so much enthusiasm and energy .
Yeah , especially with the suspension he had before joining . He 's only played about 4 games and it 'll be late March before he plays another . I 've never liked the rule about players who played in the Champions League being cup-tied for the Europa League . If it does n't work the other way around , why do players who drop down a tournament get disadvantaged ? At most , prevent him from playing against his old club but do n't take a player out of a team that owns him for no reason .
Ca n't play at all in the Europa League this year for us . Sad indeed .
I agree . Pachecho 's got ta be able to do better than N'gog and Pachecho certainly deserves a chance to prove that . Or otherwise .
Did n't his previous club get eliminated from CL group round and therefore take up a spot in the EL ?
Re-tard-ed .
FC Braga v Liverpool – All the Numbers Including Player Stats , Analysis
Ajax star Christian Eriksen would reject Liverpool offer
He 's a good player , but if he does n't want to come then fuck him . He can have fun sitting on the bench at Barca with Mascherano .
You know what 'd be funny ? Bribing the LA Galaxy to loan them Landon Donovan for a few months .
Why not get Afellay out of Barca if they move for Eriksen ?
Afellay would be a great signing , though who knows if he would leave Barca so soon . He has n't been getting first team action but who knows .
A man can dream of miracles ...
Another player i overlooked in the man U game
I think Soto is a bit underrated or overshadowed by the production of the likes of Martin Kelly . But Soto is a big fella who can defend pretty well and can put his head on the ball on set pieces . It 'll be interesting to see how he does as he inevitably gets more time on the first squad .
And his fee was only £1 million last season . I do n't think many people have realised what a bargain he is !
I remember him having some crucial stops against Chelsea as well . All good stuff . Let 's keep him around .
Looks like this thread jinxed him well and truly .
Why would you overlook him ? He 's been consistently excellent in the air . Not always when the ball 's on the ground , but when it comes to pressuring players and stopping crosses , he 's done a great job . I 'm also looking forward to seeing him and Carroll as a dual-threat in the air from set pieces .
He 's been a better defender than Skrtel and probably even Carra in most games this season . It 's great to have such a monster of a player come in and help us out so much . Hopefully the younger defenders ( Wilson , Kelly , and the guys in the reserves/youth squad ) are learning everything they can from him .
he 's a tank , the best kind . his form has dipped the second half of the season but he was on a run of absolute defensive destruction and the odd goal here and there . Now he 's barely featured . class player and picked up on a serious bargain .
i feel like he would do great against the low table teams that rely on set pieces . He also assited meireles once and he passed the ball to suarez in man u
Agreed . I know we still have the rest of this season to play but I like the depth ( and youth ! ) that 's slowly being built on the Liverpool team . A few additions here and there and we 're looking at a relatively deep team that will be able to compete very well in all competitions .
Pics : Reds train at 'The Quarry ' - one of the most beautiful , unique stadiums
Who 's that running with Carroll in the photo fifth from top ?
i have some questions i would love to be answered
1 ) Part of the beauty and history of Liverpool is Anfield . Everything about it , from the Shankley Gates to the 'This is Anfield ' sign screams out to all who see it that they are at the home of LFC . That simply can not be recreated at a new stadium . 2 ) [ Daniel Pacheco ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Pacheco ) 3 ) [ Since he was 7 , apparently ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Kelly )
1 . There 's nothing bad about getting a stadium besides the cost . From what I 've read , the problem has been with the cost . The old owners came in and promised to build a new stadium , not a brick was laid . We 're now without a new stadium unless we get a huge corporate sponsor and have to change the name of the stadium , so no more Anfield . 2 . Pacheco 's a youngster who was bought from Barcalona 's youth system and was supposed to be one of the best players from their youth system when we bought him . He has n't gotten much time on the first team at all , and I 'm hoping he was n't a wasted world class talen . 3 . According to Wikipedia , Martin Kelly 's been at Liverpool since the 07/08 season minus a loan spell at Huddersfield Town in 2009 .
TL ; DR : 1 . **This is Anfield . ** 2 . Pacheco is a youth player , possibly a wonderkid . 3 . He 's been in the senior team nearly two years now .
> There 's nothing bad about getting a stadium besides the cost.\r \r I disagree . Think of Anfield like a well-loved family home where everyone has amazing memories . Yes , you could up and move to a new , state of the art apartment with an extra bedroom and fitted kitchen , but you lose everything about it that made the last place a home.\r \r Bigger stadium = more income , loss of historical significance .
I think a new stadium could work if done in the right way . If we were to build a soulless concrete monster then obviously I would be against it . But if we could sensitively blend the old and the new to produce a stadium that is unique to us , as well as being a world class venue , I think that would work .
I completely agree that there 'll be a loss of historical significance but , I think , to compete in the future and financially , there needs to be a new stadium . Or at least some renovations to Anfield . That being said , I think John Henry and the ownership group realize the importance of a historic ground ( i.e . Fenway Park ) and I hope that they opt for renovating Anfield as opposed to trying to build a new stadium . And , of course , with the economy the way it is , I think it would be a difficult getting the financing for a new stadium . Arsenal have a new stadium while Stamford Bridge , Old Trafford , and Camp Nou have seen significant renovations in recent years . For Liverpool to compete in this market , I think Anfield has to see similar upgrades .
I 'm 99 % sure John Henry has already decided they are going to upgrade the existing Anfield stadium to a 60,000+ capacity instead of moving house . I read it somewhere , apologies for the lack of link .
Oh ! Well , that sounds good to me . Admittedly , I have n't researched it too much but I 've only seen articles that suggest that they 're still weighing all options .
Also , I 'm no engineer but - and I 'm *not* being sarcastic here - I 'd really love to see where they 'd squeeze in 14,000 more seats .
Rebuilding not squeezing .
I agree . The kop and Anfield road end both have roads immediately behind them and the main stand and the centenary both have houses immediately behind them . Although I imagine it would be possible to reroute the roads and resettle the people it would be expensive but more importantly very time consuming . Getting a compulsory purchase order to buy the houses , for example , is a very lengthy process . To give an example , the government wanted to widen the main road into Liverpool which required demolishing about 50 houses . It took them about 7 years to get final permission to go ahead and knock them down .
Steven Gerrard has surgery on injury
[ deleted ]
Yah , the article was n't the best written . With Gerrard 's groin injury keeping him out for a while , I hope Liverpool can stand strong . Though , our performance against Braga was n't very encouraging .
LFC ZONE Newsletter 11/03 – Glory & Defeat
My analysis of the Braga game .
Devo we have n't seen Pacheco come on : ( He was the top goal scorer in the under 19 's Euro Champs , he must be pretty good ... Agree with most of what you said , the formation was the killer . 2nd leg back at Anfield , i expect a sweet game
I think Kenny obviously set up the team for a 0-0 bore draw , which would have worked if the greek did n't have that wtf moment . I think we should have taken Poulsen off earlier , the mans a passenger , really poor . If we had a Lucas-Spearing midfield earlier with Pacheco , maybe , replacing spearing on the right I think we could easily have pulled a goal back , I thought Braga were weak . Having said that I 'm still confident , they 're not a good side and they are bad on their travels , Arsenal already did them 6-0 at the emirates earlier in the season .
> mucas He 's not a *snotty* brat . I kinda like the little feller , in fact . Edit : Agreed about Wilson . I did n't even think of that option .
I dont like that view , we should be winning these games . These games represent one of the few times you can blood young players into the team . If we do not begin to build leads in the first leg it hampers the development of the youth . Spearing was featured in the middle of the park , miereles was on the right . If braga were weak what were we . We were bright for about 10 to 12 minutes when carrol came on , but once they figured the long ball head down tactic it was rendered ineffective .
I do to infact , I really like him , that was just a typo . I have long been a proponent of his skills , and I believe on current form is the best holding midfielder in the premiership .
In my defence I was very drunk but my recollection of the first half midfield formation was ; cole -- poulsen -- lucas -- spearing with Raul in an advanced central position . Raul went on the right when Carroll came on as I remember it . Also I think it 's correct to have a cautious approach away from home in Europe , not many teams play anything other than counter attack football away in Europe . And in any case I do n't think we have the players to play anything else . Having said that I do think Kenny got the tactics wrong , but given his lack of European experience it 's a mistake easily forgiven .
I know . Just making a bad joke . : )
FA cup draw kills our Europa League spot
Not exactly . If Liverpool were to win the Europa League , they are automatically included in the qualifying round for next season regardless of league position .
England has four places in the Europa League , three places due to their coefficient , and one place due to their fair play coefficient . Place number one goes to the fifth place in the league , which could be either us , Chelsea or Tottenham . Place number two goes to the FA Cup winner , or if the winner has already qualified for the Champions League , the place goes to the team in sixth place in the league , not the runner up , according to the rules of the association . That could very well be us . Place number three goes to the winner of the Cup of Insignificance and Reserve Teams , in this case Birmingham . Place number four is special , and goes to the team in the Premier League with the highest fair play coefficient not already qualified for Champions League at the end of the season . At the moment , that could actually be [ Fulham ] ( http : //www.premierleague.com/page/FairPlayTable/0 , ,12306,00.html ) unless Chelsea stumbles terribly at the end of the season . Exception to the rule , would be the option to allow the winners of the competition to defend their championship . This will be at the discretion of the FA . That would be 'at the cost ' of the lowest league ranked team to qualify .
Well shit .
It 's really funny to imagine Bolton or Stoke in Europe . But then I get depressed because one of them will be there and we might not .
ah right , forgot about that scenario .
Ca n't we still be in the Europa league if Manchester city or united win the FA cup ?
That would involve United winning a trophy , and we do n't want that to happen . We could also end up qualifying from eight place , if Chelsea goes on to win the Champions League and finishing fifth in the league .
so if Manchester city , or man city win fa cup we qualify . or if man U , Chelsea Tottenham win champions league we also qualify ?
Rafael Benitez Reveals Five Offers But Retains Liverpool Wish
I think Benitez was a really good fit with Liverpool . Working with Comali and Henry might even improve his spotty transfer record . Still , I 'm glad we 're sticking with Kenny the next couple years . Kenny were to retire after his contract expires , I 'd take Rafa back for sure .
Sylvain Marveaux 'close ' to agreeing a deal with Liverpool
Yeah , general consensus is that in an ideal world , one where we signed some good wingers in the summer , Sylvain Marveaux would be a backup/squad player . Strength in depth and all that . I guess it cant hurt since he 's on a free , but my fear is he 'll be next seasons Jovanovic . He still has to pick up a wage afterall . We already have a few players that play in the wide positions ; bringing in reputable talent in those positions would give us depth . I dunno , I 'm not convinced as he was scouted during Roy Hodgson 's tenure , which as we know included the likes of Carlton Cole etc . He may well have been a product of Damien Comolli but it seems like he was brought in under the previous mentality of 'get any experienced players for as cheap as possible ' . I hope I 'm not sounding too negative , and I hope he proves me wrong !
Anyone here know much about him ? Seen him play ? Any natural winger would be an asset , and a free transfer at least means our transfer budget does n't take a big hit .
This is the only part that scares me : 'He has suffered extensively with injuries throughout his career , missing the European U19 Championships in 2005 due to knee ligament damage , almost te entire 2008-09 campaign due to a torn hamstring and a number of intermittent injuries that have stifled his progress '
From the little I 've read about him today he seems to be more of a squad/backup player than a regular starter .
LFC OFFER KENNY TWO-YEAR DEAL
This story needs to be backed up from a source that is n't an evil fascist bullshit rag . Fuck the Exp***s , it 's as bad as the Daily Hate .
False*
Glad to see them offer Kenny a deal , a bit disappointed to see it be a 2-year deal . Then again , good to see management not be swayed by his legendary status and instead focus on results .
Hey r/LiverpoolFC , What 's the club going to do this summer ?
Clean the trophy case and find a spot for the 2012 EPL trophy ?
I think there are a number of things that we need to do ( or are doing ) : 1 . Trim the fat : Get rid of relatively useless players like Milan and Poulson . 2 . Get younger impact players : I like that we 're already doing that with the likes of Suarez and Carroll and giving players like Kelly a chance to shine ( hopefully Shelvey can shine next season ) . 3 . Holding-Mid/Winger : I know opinions vary about the two players I 'm about to mention ... but I think players like Charlie Adam ( a solid holding midfielder who is proving himself in the Premier League ) and Ashley Young ( a player who can provide some width in the midfield ) . 4 . Reina : This situation is the elephant in the room . If we can convince Pepe to stay ... no worries . We carry on with other priorities , but if Pepe leaves , I 'm sure there 'll have to be a long hard search for a worthy replacement . 5 . I 'm sure there are a lot of other things that I 've missed but this is what I thought of off the top of my head ! : ) Ultimately , it 's my opinion that we need far better and more consistent distribution from the midfield to provide service to our strikers . I think that would be my first priority .
Going on the news reports that we 're gon na have £50m to spend , i 'd like to see this : In-Sanchez : £30m Sissoko : £17m Coentrao : £20m Marveaux : Free Aqualani : Back from loan Out-Maxi : £5m Jovo : £5m Konchesky : £2m Poulsen : £4m Cole : £5m Net Spend : £47m Line em up : -- -- -- -- -- Carroll Suarez -- Raul -- Sanchez -- -- -- Sissoko-Gerrard Coentrao-Agger-Kelly-Johnson -- -- -- -- -Reina Bench : Kuyt , Marveaux , Lucas , Aqualani , Skrtel , Carra , Jones
We should build around Suarez and Carroll . Get a pair of class wingers who can supply the duo so that money is well spent on both .
Have a manager in place for the duration of the transfer window who already has a long-term plan , with cash at hand to make investments rather than having to sell to buy . That alone feels like a brave new world , and that 's all I care about .
1 ) Get permanent manager 2 ) Get rid of dead weight 3 ) Get some new class players 4 ) Consistently win games 5 ) Profit .
We still need at least 50m investment in the squad to honestly challenge for top-4 next year . TBH Arsenal are ripe for the picking . Esp . if cesc goes We just need a classy winger/attacker ( Elia..most likely , Sanchez , Bojan as dreams ) , a decent LB ( taiwo , coentrau ) young CB . And I still think we could use another striker for europa/early FA cup games . If Suarez is injured we 're pretty toothless up front
1 ) KK signs Long term deal ( if it has n't already happened ) 2 ) Preliminary Anfield expansion ( maybe just feasibility and unveiling of plans , hopefully actual construction ) 3 ) Player Transfers Out : Cole ( Wages ) , Poulsen , Jovanovic , Konchesky , Insua ( I 'd be ok with him staying ) and reserves IN : Bojan ( Season Long Loan ) , Marveaux : Free , Young/Turan : 10m gbp , Gervinho : 12m , A LB : ( coentrao/cissohko/bastos/zhirkov ) , Lavezzi : 15m Extra special : Kjaer , Matuidi/M'Vila
To hijack my own thread : What silverware do you think Liverpool will challenge for next year ?
Basically what I would like is for liverpool to switch to a 4-3-3 . -- -- -- -- -- -- -reina -- -- -- -- -- -- - Kelly -- charagher -- agger -- gibbs from arsenal or cissokho from lyon -- -- -- -- -- -- -- lucas -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -merelies -- -- gerrard -- -- - hazard from lille -- -- carrol -- -suarez i really was hoping liverpool would have picked up affelay from PSV but damn barca got him first ...
Agree with everything you said , except the ( predictably ) controversial choices of Adams & Young . I think Young is a good player , but do n't think his character fits the team . He 's a total prima-donna , and his work ethic wavers . Adams would be fine for a Hodgson-era team . He 's good , but not a title-winning midfielder . We have to think bigger . I think Eljero Elia would be better for the wing , and think we can rely on Lucas , Meireles & Gerrard for midfield . Remember , Gerrard has been sitting deep enough to provide long distribution and leave the tackling to Lucas . From the reserves , I 'd hope to see Shelvey and possibly Suso providing coverage for our starting trio .
If Reina goes , who do we get to replace him ? Do we have the money to try and swipe Neur ?
I like it . Make it happen . Now we have to keep reina
Wait , Sissoko ? What ? Is there actually news about this , or is this just pure wishes on your part ?
nothing again your picks but i dono.. i do n't care for 4-2-2-2 and thats what this is . i thiink liverpool do best with cams in the middle and i think a 4-3-3 would be perfect . sanchez is good but just is n't what i think liverpool need . but this is my opinion and what the hell do I know .
Agreed 100 %
Agree with everything except the last bit . We 'd still have Carroll , Kuyt , N'gog . I think we have mainly addressed out striker concerns and now need to completely focus on bring in a quality winger and LB .
Can you really see Gervinho coming as he just signed a new deal with Lille and really wants to go to Arsenal ? I can only see Bojan coming on a loan as he 's one of those Barça darlings Marveaux 's downfall as a squad player is cancelled out by his free transfer . Sign him up ! I do n't really know Turan , but [ this ] ( http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=24zicTWcmGE ) makes him look like a creative playmaker which I love . I 'd drop 10m on him , from what I see . Will he leave the captaincy at Galatasaray though ? I do n't like Young . He always struck me as a bit of a pouter , but I think that 's just personal bias . He 's a quick , solid winger but I worry coming from a PL team and being English will drive his price up . I would LOVE Coentrão or Bastos ( as a Lyon fan ^_^ ) to come to the team and I think we need the LB no matter the price . Top priority in my eyes . Sorry for long reply , but I love scouting for my team : P
No way Gibbs would come to Liverpool . Additionally , I ca n't really see Hazard leave a team with a champions league spot for liverpool . I see Fabio Cointreau coming from Benfica , instead of Gibbs or Cissokho , and Marveaux and Sanchez coming instead of Hazard
True , we should be able to think bigger ... I wonder who would be available for us in the midfield . I know Lucas is relatively young but I feel like he just has n't been consistent enough . I like the idea of Gerrard sitting back but I feel like we 're limiting what he can do . But , then again , maybe with the emergence of Meireles and quality strikers like Suarez and Carroll ... Gerrard 's role does n't necessarily have to be attacking anymore . Yah , I hope to see more of Shelvey too . I like these young players who are coming up the ranks .
Elia would be great , but I think Sanchez would be even better . It would be like having a Suarez at striker and one in the wing !
Yah , Reina leaving the team is a big concern for me and at the moment I 'm not sure who we could grab to replace him .
[ Nikolay Mihaylov ] ( http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikolay_Mihaylov )
[ Daily Mail-Sissoko to Liverpool ] ( http : //www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-1361987/Liverpool-set-win-race-sign-Moussa-Sissoko.html ) Just the daily mail , but its enough to get my hopes up . I think he 'd be a great replacement for Stevie eventually . Little bit less versatile , quite a bit less thrust going forward , but much more useful in a holding role .
I did n't see the Gervinho signing a new deal anywhere but i feel like he 'd be more likely than Hazard . ( and I actually prefer him as he can also play as a striker ) Yeah I 'd love Bojan to stay but I 'll take him for a season and if he likes it he might push for a move ( also another Spaniard could help Pepe stick around ) Turan has been stated as 'A Liverpool Fan ' , was fantastic at EURO 2008 . I think he would come here , unless he intends to be a one club man but he said to be 'looking for a new challenge . ' If i could only make one ( realistic ) signing it would probably be him . Young 's formula for me is : Winger + Pace +English + some one who can cross to Carroll = sign him up . I fully expect King Kenny to be able to reign in all other considerations . Today we were even linked with Leighton Baines . I think Raul will help us get our man from Benfica . Do n't worry I have an unhealthy obsession with this speculation too .
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4qoAk5_VZWo & feature=fvst this video just changed my mind about sanchez.. i feel like he is a bit small and will be pushed around so i do n't know how he would do but hell he could be worth it if we can get him before a big spanish team . I like gibbs because he is english and young . and I do n't think we need midfielders . we should also bring in a good back up cb .
To be honest , I 'm not sure which matches you 've been watching - this season Lucas has been one of our most consistent performer , perhaps only beaten by Meireles ( and maybe Kelly , who I 've not seen have a bad match yet ) . I think with Lucas/Meireles and Gerrard as starting CMs and Shelvey/Aquilani ( if we can hold onto him ) on the bench , we 've got a great mix of talent and youth .
Elia or Sanchez would both be beautiful . I fear Sanchez is enjoying life too much at Udinese , and if they get a CL position I 'd doubt he 'll move . Unless we like triple his 45,000/week wages
It 's a pipe dream for sure , but imagine Lloris or Neuer coming to Anfield ?
shay given , david de gea for starters .
He was sold to Twente already .
Every time I hear transfer rumours I restart my liverpool FIFA career and sign them to see how they play in a season . As a very fringe Galatasaray fan , I 'd like Turan to come to the team . Sell some shirts in Turkey too : D
Agreed on the CB . I do n't really trust Wilson to be a first team player yet . I want Fabio Cointreau though , damnit !
He has certainly improved a lot this season and I 'm not suggesting that he should be shipped out but I guess I expect a bit more from him . I do admit that maybe I 'm unfairly comparing him and hoping that he would be more like Alonso or Mascherano .
honestly if Arsenal can be a top-4 team with pretty much crap for keepers , I 'd have to question spending over 15m on a keeper when positions like Wingers ( two ) , CB , LB have n't been filled yet .
Wel if we are talking pipe dreams , let me throw Tim Howar'ds name out there ; p
also keisuke honda would be fantastic . the transfer would pay for itself in japanese kit sales if it were about 10m . edit : spelling .
fabio cointreau is really good.. i still prefer cissokho lol
I think if you still feel that way in 2 years I 'll agree with you .
i think he is starting to be a good mix of both of them . his passing is n't as killer as alonso and he ca n't knock people down like mash but he is getting there and i rate him higher then other brazilian cdms
completely agree , lets at least see what gulasci is made of before we splash out on a big name keeper .
I love Honda as a player , but I do n't know if he 'd want to leave moskva . He 's such a great playmaker , but I imagine the transfer would cost more than 10m as he has a lot of time left on his contract
exactly . I think gulasci could be good if given a chance . BUt i 'd still rather have reina stay
willing to try .
A letter to all Reds , From Japan .
Torres : Chelsea move proves my loyalty to Liverpool
“It’s a much bigger city then Liverpool and that takes getting used to , not knowing if it will take 40 minutes to get to training or a lot longer if the traffic is bad . ' Cry me a fucking river .
Why is he still talking about this ?
Please , Fernando , just shut up . OK , so you stabbed us in the back . Do you want us to praise you for not kicking us in the nuts while you were at it ?
I really wish the guy would just shut up and concentrate on scoring some goals .
lol he 's gone mad .
> Over the next 50 years they will be fighting United and Arsenal for trophies . Would n't be so sure of that .
ok FT , Suarez 's helped me to get over you . still bitter for the way you did it . not class at all . just check the Suarez farewell video and you 'll know what loyalty is .
Regret , disillusionment ( he did n't start banging in hat tricks once he was in a blue shirt ) and probably because he knows deep down he did what he did in a shitty way .
Because he keeps getting asked about it .
It seems to me that he 's trying to justify his decision .
You can say stabbed in the back , or you can say 'got us 50 million for a guy who ca n't score ' I 'll take the 50M .
I wish he 'd just shut up and continue to not score goals .
... or not .
; D 50 mil for another future striker and then some while Chelsea gets a deadweight .
Mystery over role of agent Liverpool used in Andy Carroll transfer
What today 's Braga performance taught me
Pacheco , why is he even on the bench if he 's never going to be played ? he got the golden boot last year in the U19s , we needed 1 goal , you 'd think sending him on would be a good fucking idea . I can not comprehend Kenny 's reasoning on this one . Kuyt gets a start ahead of him for poking in goals from 5 cm , cole starts wheezing after running 100m gets a start ahead of him , Speo who plays in the central midfield gets a start ahead of him , Ngog ( crumples like a fucking exotic flower after being touched ) starts ahead of him . I just wish they would sell him already , I want to see him play 90 mins in a senior match and decide if he 's shit or not .
My thoughts are the same as always , a piece of knowledge I gained from Championship Manager ages ago : Do n't just dick around during the away match . Being offensive and grabbing a goal , even at the cost of a 2-1 loss away , is worth it nine times out of ten . A 1-1 draw away , is more often than not a small victory due to the away goals rule . Because you know that when you come to the home game , the visiting team will have to be offensive in order to get anything out of the game . And that opens up space for attacks . If you let a team come over knowing that they only need to play with a compact formation with two full backs , six central defenders , a defensive midfielder and a striker , then they will . Liverpool needed to get one goal to have the match go to extra time , 2 goals to advance . Braga could simply shore up their defensive line , and be an occasional threat on the counter .
Some of this is also because of UEFA 's kooky rules in regards to players . Not saying that Suarez would have helped , but there were times that he might have controlled the middle . It also does n't help that Stevie is hurt , which are two quality players that the club is paying but can not use . I do n't know how many people groaned when they saw N'gog come on , but I was a bit upset at Kenny for that for a minute . But , then I realized he has no other option on that bench . As for the second point , I was appalled ( for the most part ) at Glen Johnson 's inability to serve a ball when there was any width . But , for the most part , I felt like way too much of the game was played in the middle , which would be fine , except there was no real controlling central midfield/forward in that was doing that job . I would n't say composure , but more the lack of urgency to score . It looked like the lads thought that they would score without much effort , until the last ten minutes in the second half . Danny Wilson looked decent to me , but that could have been because the rest of the squad looked pretty abysmal comparatively .
Braga were well able to park the bus and wait for a counter attack . Their closing down was admirable - did n't allow much space and Liverpool seemed to be short of ideas . Carroll was a great target and mostly held it up well . But seemed to be rather a lot of 'just lob long balls down the pitch ' . When Suarez plays too , I expect there 'll be a better mix , we 'll see . Joe Cole was a definite improvement from the last time I saw him . Danny Wilson made me a little nervous . Agree with others that not seeing Pacheco was disappointing . But with Carroll is only just able to make 90mins , Gerrard & Saurez missing and Meireles a notch down from recent PL levels , I was n't really surprised at the outcome .
I agree with all the points but I agree with the first point the most . We need more depth .
Eggnogg is shite , always has been , always will be . Cole is a fat , useless Chelski reject who 's never been a proper player . Maxi , wtf ? Danny Pacheco . If ever a player was deserving of a decent chance it 'd be him . Why on earth does N'gog ever get a look in with Pacheco around .
Exactly . If you play youth why are you going to play a too-small defensively minded central midfielder over a possible offensive.force ! I 'm not saying you put Pacheco in and Liverpool wins 6-0 but you 'll never know unless you try !
When that header went up there near the end , I thought that pretty much anybody OTHER than Ngog would have at least tapped it , but alas , he was in that position . Kuyt I understand because he does tend to work well in an assisting role to a main striker , but I agree with the other two points . Even though Kuyt was offsides eleventy million times .
Archived Interview with Shankly
So here 's the thing : Stoke/Bolton to get Europa League spot due to F.A Cup Final , Liverpool need to finish 5th ...
I still have n't given up on 4th entirely . It 's a long way back , but every one of the teams above us have shown that they are vulnerable .
It 's not over 'til the fat lady sings . Anyone got Susan Boyle 's tour list around ?
Be a fan , be a supporter , believe until it 's proved otherwise .
I thought Stoke/Bolton would have to actually *win* the FA Cup to get a Europa League spot ? Though , now that I think about it , it looks as if Liverpool would need to finish 5th no matter what happens to qualify for European play . With only the League to worry about ... one would think that Liverpool would be able to challenge for that fifth spot .
with Spurs focusing on CL and LFC now only concerned about moving up the table , i think it 's entirely possible . only 4 pts down , i 'm actually leaning towards probable right now .
could n't we still get europa if chelsea or tottenham win the champions league ?
yeah I aint done either until it is mathematically impossible . Though it is HIGHLY unlikely that we will get that spot . Its truly a damn shame , Liverpool not being in a Europe : (
I wrote this before Spurs drew and we won ... having still to play them I completely agree with you . Watch this space .
i strive on the inevitable.. liverpool will finish fourth ! ! !
Really love the enthusiasm but let 's say we do n't make 4th ... you think the likes of Reina and Agger are going to stick around ? Also - how realistically are we gon na attract top quality players even with the Dalglish factor ? I 'm normally a hugely positive red but right now i 'm not feeling it !
I love the enthusiasm too . But I 'm concerned about just winning matches and picking up 5th place . I hate to be doom and gloom at the moment but I fear that not even playing in Europe at all could be very bad for Liverpool .
wan na know how.. MONEY ... our new owners will splash cash if they have to ... we only need a few spots so I can see the conglomerate spending maybe 10-20 mill each and there are like 8 of them I believe ... i think we have a great chance of at least getting europa league but i think there is a good chance will be in champs league next year ... we 'll lose then but it 'll happen
we have and interesting two weeks ahead of us
We need point baaaaad ! Tottenham up by 6 with a game in hand .
Tottenham is in CL , they will play arsenal , liverpool , chelsea and manchester city in 10 games . Could see 4 losses/draws here without a problem . If our performance is good enough with our PL team , we might even take on city who will play chelsea , liverpool , united , tottenham in 10 matches . If we can beat both city and tottenham , we will have got 6 points on both them which should do us alot of good seeing as they are 9-11 points ahead .
yeah , and since were out of the Europa we can focus on the league . i have no idea what formation we are going to play .
That is the ultimate in optimism
10-1 . Lets play the ultimate long ball against Woy , show him how it should be played .
lol we say that every season .
really those are both home games . mancity is too defensive and spurs are all focused on the CL . I think it 's doable . we 've ghosted up the table this far ...
we should put ngog on the bench , and show him how he should be played
yeah , but this is going to be our year.lol i 'm having deja vu just typing that
Meh , does n't really matter , he 's on the ground most of the game anyways . Not much of a difference .
Congratulations to Lucas Leiva and his family for the birth of his son Pedro Lucas .
> I 'd like to dedicate the victory to him tomorrow . Ca n't say I do n't like Luis ' optimism !
Suarez has a facebook
Sunderland vs Liverpool - Full Team News , Other Notes & News
“He 's scored one and a half goals - the other half was Dirk [ Kuyt ] ! '
Lucas has really stepped up this year . Hes becoming a leader on the pitch and a voice off of it . Its good to see .
The team has become so much more likable ! They seem to work so much harder , have so much more fun , etc . The celebration ( current r/liverpoolfc pic ) from yesterday 's game epitomizes that . They 've become a real team ! They were all happy for Suarez to score that screamer and happy for Lucas 's new son . I have so much more fun following this new Liverpool . Of course the fact that they 're winning contributes , but the attitude is so much better and I think Lucas is a huge contributor to this . Also , I recommend everyone follow NotLucasLeiva21 on twitter for a laugh .
i feel like he will be key for years to come
If he continues to develop as a defensive threat and we can get a solid holding midi so Stevie can move to become a scoring threat again we will be dangerous .
Heck yes in my FIFA career . Lucas has become one of the best players of the Liverpool 2015 squad .
that sounds logical
Reina threatens to quit unless Liverpool improve .
I suspect that Sky is just spinning an old interview . Probably [ this one ] ( http : //www.anfield-online.co.uk/lfc-news/2011/reina-interview-puts-reds-on-alert/ ) .\r \r So , no need to worry . Kinda annoying when someone says something , it gets rephrased some many times in bigger time span that it starts to appear as if the one is talking about that it all the time .
He did n't say anything like that in the article . He just says he wants to be winning . Also any rumors of him going to United are stupid . Neither club would ever do business with the other ( especially with Fergie or Kenny in charge ) .
Surely he wants to take over for VDS at United
That would be a harsh blow , but I ca n't really blame him for putting the club on notice while he still has years left as one of the best in the league .
Suarez 's finish against Sunderland . Another gif I wo n't get tired of watching any time soon .
Looked like Maicon 's goal against North Korea and Landon Donovan 's goal against Slovenia
Suarez completely faked that keeper out .
Great goal by Suarez , but you _have_ to protect the post in that situation .
Beautiful .
Agger .
I think Agger has been brilliant as of late . His comments under Hodgson made me do a double take , but in the end I respected him a bit more for it . I think his athleticism and passing ability are two traits that make him one of the most valuable center halves in the world . Coupled with the aging Carragher , more brute Skrtel , or more vertical playing Soto , Agger 's control on the ball make him a wonder for Liverpool . Glad to see he 's getting right praise
Agger is a Hero ! love his passion and skills
It 's amazing what a difference a CB can make to our passing , distribution and possession . Absolute class player , if he could just stay fit a bit more he 's be one of the players to build the team around . If we can find a way to transplant Dirk Kuyt 's legs onto his body , we 'll have a world-class player on our hands .
Dirk Kuyt - 74 Netherlands caps Daniel Agger - 39 Denmark caps Are they not world class ?
Depends on your definition of 'World Class ' . Love Dirk and want him to stay until he retires , but he 's obviously not amongst the best in the world . Dagger could be if he could stay fit . Do n't make me pull out Christian Poulsen 's Denmark stats .
Looks like we 're still in the hunt for Charlie Adam .
I would n't mind him in the squad but I am concerned about the transfer fee that he might command after this season .
Would be a great signing . I personally do not see him as much more than a squad player , but he would provide awesome cover as our midfield always seems to get injured . Who knows maybe he could even take over Lucas ' spot . A little competition would be a very good thing . Come FSG lets pull this one out , sign a quality winger ( or 2 ? ) and LB and then we 'll be league champs !
while adam does bring a range of passing ability i think the introduction of someone who brings width/take a man on is far more important . I do n't rate charlie adam to really make that difference and would n't pay more than 6m for him .
I think Adam is a great player who brings a lot of winning attributes ( Fergie says his corners alone are worth £40m , he scores , his passing is great , leadership and stability , young-ish ) but I do n't know if he 's really worth anything more than £10 . I would n't hate to see him come to Merseyside , but if we 're opperating on a budget , as I assume we are , I would much rather get Elia , Hazard , Sanchez , or any wide player instead .
It 's the mirror , but I do hope we get him . We 're still lacking in the passing department , adding Adams and bringing back Aquilani could change that pretty drastically .
No way he could cost that much . Apparently Spurs had a 10/11 million pound offer accepted , but could get done in time . I really can not see him costing more than 10 mil , hardly a lot in this day and age .
To generalize a bit , I always feel as if our defense is pretty solid and have the ability to attack if necessary , the attacking midfielders do well , and our strikers look fabulous ... but if there are problems , it appears to be the lack of creativity or distribution from the midfield . A player such as Adam could help change that , I think .
agreed . i would love to have any of the players you mentioned by the summer . i personally prefer elia and sanchez over anyone lfc has been linked up to so far.\r also . please no ashley young ...
His contract is almost up , so he should cost less .
True . But is n't that Lucas ' or Gerrard 's ( maybe ) job ? And , if Juve do n't buy him , Aquilani 's job too ?
I think it certainly is Lucas ' job , I think , but Liverpool seemed pretty uninspired in the recent Europa League matches and he was in the side that lost to West Ham and came up even with Wigan . Now , obviously , one can not put the blame squarely on Lucas in those instances . And while I have my doubts about Lucas , I have to concede that he is still a young player with a lot of upside and has shown quite a bit of improvement over the season . That being said , it does appear as if a player like Charlie Adam can offer a bit more creativity and excitement on a more consistent basis . As for Gerrard , I personally would like to see him as more of an attacking/roaming midfielder . I hear Aquilani has been doing quite well in Italy ( though , I 've not watched him in any matches ) . So it would be very interesting to see him come back into the fold . Either way , a player such as Charlie Adam coming into the side could only help with Liverpool 's depth . Especially if we 're going to be competing in Europe and other cups .
Andy Carroll named in England squad .
I sure hope that Carroll does n't play . And if he does , I 'm really hoping he does n't get injured .
Yeh its fucking bullshit , I 'm sick of this crap . Liverpool have spent so much money nursing players back from injury only to have this throttled on international breaks . Enough is enough , clubs should not have to release players for friendlies . My bet is that he will get injured .
I 'm operating under the idea that he needs some more games to get fit . Hopefully Capello realizes this and does n't run him into the ground like he did Gerrard earlier this season .
Am I the only bloke who actually likes watching internationals above the premiere league ?
uhhhh for christ sakes , seriously ! Our players just LOVE to come back battered and bruised from international play .
I believe it 's a Euro 2012 qualifier but I most certainly see your point . There has to be some sort of balance between club and country and especially for friendlies . I think the FA really need to consider re-organizing some tournaments and even consider a mid-season break like many other leagues .
I hope Capello realizes this too . With the likes of Bent , Rooney and Crouch pretty much 100 % fit , there does n't seem to be any reason to use Carroll .
Yep . : P In fairness , I do n't have a problem with players going off to help with important matches like this . It will be worth it once we 're in the Euros -- and I will enjoy watching it at that stage .
Might just be taking him for the experience of being with the squad and traveling with them etc . I would n't expect any more than a substitute feature out of him .
I hope we live long enough ...
That 's what I 'm thinking/hoping too .
What the hell is that comment about andyrocks ?
... to see England in the Euros again ... ; )
Liverpool appoint Ian Ayre as managing director and promote Damien Comolli to director of football
[ The announcement on the official website with more quotes from John Henry , Tom Werner , Ian Ayre and Damien Comolli ] ( http : //www.liverpoolfc.tv/news/latest-news/major-double-announcement )
It 's really nice to know that the front office at Liverpool is being squared away . And with a stable ( finally ! ) ownership situation and an ownership that is willing to spend money ( both a lot of it , if necessary but also in a wise way ) , I think we 're looking at a real bright future for Liverpool .
Dani Pacheco to join Norwich on loan for the rest of the season .
Guess that 's OK.. he ca n't seem to get a game with us . Hopefully this gives him some good time to develop further and he can contribute next year .
I just hope this is n't a sign that Dani 's time at Liverpool is done . He 's got the potential so hopefully regular first team football will help him develop .
I think it 's last chance saloon for Pacheco 's LFC career unfortunately . I think many thought this would be the season he featured for the first team in the Premier League , but he has n't . Hope he impresses on loan and is able to break into the team .
I can only hope this helps : / . I really wanted to see him in a Red 's uniform in the EPL this year . : ( .
At least hes continuing to get experience .
Only 7 games left in the championship ( I think ) . He needs to play everyone really , lets hope he does well .
Kind of sad to see him leave even for a little bit . Why were n't we using him in Europa ? Did he screw Kenny 's wife or something ?
Yah , me too . But it makes sense . He needs to play regularly and he 's just not going to get in time with Liverpool 'cause we 'll just be focusing on League position .
I thought the championship had more games than the EPL ?
Yeah , but we 've played horrid people like Poulsen . I mean , he may be young and everything , but we do n't know what he 's capable of , so he could very well be better and show up some defenders . But who knows , he better do well there .
I thought they started earlier than the prem meaning they have less games left . I might google it in a minute when this wave of apathy has passed . : ) Edit . They have 8 games left although they do play more than the prem they also start earlier and have less break between the games , ( they do n't have international breaks for example ) .
IAE worried how Carroll will fit into the team ?
I think Carroll is a great compliment to Suarez . I 'd hate to have to attempt to draw up defensive plans against Suarez and Carroll . Suarez can easily create space and score or assist a player like Carroll . While big Andy can muscle his way into space for goals and he can attack in the air too .
I think it 's a bit unfair that people are questioning how he 's going to fit into the side , as if they are implying the only aspect of his game is aerial . I think he 's a much better player than that . His ball control is far from shabby and he is n't exactly slow either for such a big lad . I think he will do us proud .
We 'll be fine . Carroll provides a different threat than what we 've had in the recent past . We now have a legitimate aerial threat on corners and free kicks . Defenses already fear the Suarez/Carroll combo . Not that Sunderland has the best defense in the world , but they 're not bad at all , and we absolutely crushed them .
I do n't think Carroll is 100 % fit and sharp . We have to adjust to him as much as he has to adjust to us . As Braga shows the most efficent strategy is not hoofing it aver everyone for him to take down but as it settles we shall see we have a fine striker on our hands . ( he 's only 21 lads . )
I 'm not worried because he 's still recovering from injury and he STILL looks good . He 's young enough that I think he 'll adapt to playing in our bold bright reds side quickly . His strength with Suarez 's finesse is where he will fit in most , I think .
Linking target man , a role that is needed in every team .
lol I read that as 'Note that Sunderland has the best defense in the world ... ' and thought : well I guess I do n't exactly trust THAT redditor .
Agreed . Not to mention I see him working very hard for the ball unlike a past striker we had .
Steve Clarke : 'Suarez the best since Zola '
Even if Suarez does n't score a bucket of goals , his ability and his creativity will open up so much space for others like Kuyt ( hat trick ) and Andy Carroll will surely benefit from this as well . Or ... Suarez can keep scoring near-impossible goals . That 's fine too . : )
Hate to say it , but we all know who holds the scoring record for foreign EPL debutants right ?
He who must not be named .
prospective left backs
Great submission . Who else is praying Henry is willing to throw down the £22 for Coentrao
I 'd like to see Baines -- he 's the one Toffee I 've always had a soft spot for , and being that he was a Red youth..
Baines please .
I would like taiwo . Great defensively and offensively.. AND FREE ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Looks like Taiwo is off to Benefica . http : //www.talksport.co.uk/sports-news/football/premier-league/transfer-rumours/6116/7/liverpool-and-villa-snubbed-taiwo-agrees-benfica-deal Oh well , would have liked him based on the fact that he would be free , but we should set our heights higher than Taiwo .
If we manage to sell aquilani and couple of hodges new comers that should finance his buy . That and the fact that torres/babel covered our new players tells me that they will actually have to put in more so we can get a wing and one or two more players to fill the gaps ( central defender and backup striker ? ) .
i feel like Raul has to just be whispering about how great liverpool is during the international break .
He 'd be a good squad play , but we need someone with real quality . Enrique/Baines are good shouts and quite realistic . Surely Coentrao would be epic but that just seems too unlikely for me .
He 's almost definitely going to Milan . I 'd like to see him too though .
Then I guess Coentrao will be leaving this summer , I´d want to see either him , Baines or Clichy in the reds .
Hey Fabio ! You should come visit Liverpool some time . Got lotsa bitches there ... or dudes if you 're ... yano into that . But yeah ... the weather is great ! its like 23 degrees all the time and NEVER rains ...
I think it 's perfectly realistic , but maybe it 's my wants clouding my judgement . I think Liverpool want to genuinely fight for the title next year and I think smart players like Fabio will see that . Additionally it would be silly for the EPL to have 3 left backs named Fabio : P
i think baines is just in good form right now . i think moving him would reset his progress and he would n't work very well . i guess out of who is left I would like to play as left back for liverpool ... . wait a second ...
its realistic , yes but I just have a hard time seeing it happen . I feel like Real will go in for him over the summer and it will be hard to turn down those wages and the idea of playing in the CL . I hope I am wrong however , and will probably jizz myself if this becomes a reality .
Just Ca n't Get Enough - Suarez Song
This seriously made my shitty day at work so much better . I 'm now wearing a smile on my face and the people around me just wont understand .
Top bollocks !
Liverpool transfer rumours wish list : Ashley Young , Charlie Adam , Gary Cahill , Matt Jarvis
I do NOT want Ashley Young ! I just do n't really like him : ( Liverpool have become such a happy-feel-good team ( look at the picture to your top left ) . Maybe I 'm over-reacting but I 'd much rather get Sanchez from Udinese or Turan from Galatasaray . I 'm all about Charlie Adam , Gary Cahill , Scott Dann , or even Matt Jarvis ( imagine he 'd be on the cheap )
Is it just me that think we need more of a real left winger ? Ashley Young i right footed and won´t really be able to make those splendid byline crosses we need for Carroll .
NOOOOOOOOOO
I want Coentrao more than any other potential signing . I think he could have the type of impact that Luiz is having at Chelsea . I do n't know much about the type of character he is , or if he would even want to play for us , but I strongly believe he is the real deal . Turan and Adam would be good since they grew up admiring the club . I would n't want Young mostly because I feel we would overpay for him ( and Adam to a degree ) . Honda and Sanchez are exciting prospects that I would love to see , but strike me as less realistic signings at this point . I also do n't mind being mentioned with Afellay , Gervinho , and Bojan . There is definitely a great market for both foreign and domestic talent this summer . I 'm excited that the new ownership will be willing to spend ; I just worry that we ca n't attract players like we used to . I 'm very optimistic about the future and I hope players can be sold on the huge potential we have for the future .
i feel that way about adam he 's good for blackpool but i 'd rather bring in someone like guti especially for 10-12m pounds . i 'd take him at 7 .
Both Young and Adam have expiring contracts and want to leave , so they would come cheap . To even suggest £20M for Young , a player who can sign for free in 6 months , is ridiculous . The big money will be Micah Richards or Gary Cahill ( I think we are more likely to land Richards ) , plus a few younger continental players to fill out the squad .
Meh , it 'd be nice to have another good winger on the team , and Young can provide that .
We night a real right winger just as much . Kuyt is too slow and Gerrard is way too important to stick on the wing .
two of the best players in the world are left wingers who are right footed
Yah , I do n't have a problem with Ashley Young but the price tag does concern me . Not because we do n't have money 'cause I think FSG is certainly willing to spend but because I do n't think Young is worth 20m GBP . I really do like Charlie Adam and I think he can provide the creative distribution from midfield . I 'm a fan of Cahill as well . But , yes , I think I 'm also worried about the ability to attract players ( experienced veterans/stars ) without Europe this coming season . I understand that the lifespan of a keeper is certainly longer but even Pepe is aging and he wants the chance to play/win Champions League before his prime window closes .
I think of all those targets listed in the title , they would ALL be squad players . We definitely DO need depth and those players would all provide quality back-ups , but we need a STAR winger and LB . Fabio Cointrao and Alexis Sanchez along with some of those depth players would make Liverpool a Title-Contending team .
Richards is injured again , and is he really that much better than Kelly/Johnson ?
Yes , sure they are and that gives them the role as an inside forward ( or whatever you want to call them ) that cuts inside trying to either find through balls or goes for the shot himself . What Liverpool need is a regular left winger and to be that you need to have a strong left foot , getting past the right back and make byline crosses to Carroll .
sanchez is good but i think unrealistic , maybe a season loan for bojan or gervinho .
Why unrealistic ? Has everyone in the world dropped the notion that Liverpool are a world class team ? Probably : ( sigh . I remember when people like Sanchez would have loved to come to Liverpool .
not that we could n't attract him but he seems pretty settled at udinese . i fully expect liverpool with our stable ownership to qual for the chaps league and take a good shot at the title next season . i do n't sanchez as the one that does it for us . maybe a turan .
We 're still a world class team , but I do n't think we 're as world class as we used to be . There 's a good chance we wo n't play in Europe next year , and we missed the CL this past year , it is n't the brightest of times for young people who want to be starts to come to Liverpool .
I think the chances of us making the CL this year are extremely small - we need to make up 9 points over city in 8 games .
I 'd say our starting 11 is more or less world class . It just stops at the bench : \\
that is all for next season i 'm talking about .
Rafa Benitez : My dream is to return to Liverpool
I was gutted when he left , and during the Hodgsons dark days was hoping that he 'd come back especially after he left Inter . But I feel differently now , I really hope Kenny gets the job . And even if he does n't , I 'm not sure Rafa should come back . I do n't think he could work with Comolli . His reappointment might divide some players in the squad , and seeing as most of the team he built has moved on , he 'd be starting from scratch again the same as any other manager.\r \r Having said all that , I reckon there will be a time in the future for him to come back . I 'd hate to see him managing another premier league team in the meantime though
I was okay with Rafa but I think Dalglish embodies ( for a variety of obvious reasons ) the spirit of Liverpool FC . Furthermore , I think with his work in the youth system and what not , I think Dalglish has created a nice bridge between the youth teams and the first squad , and can establish the sort of style and the sort of players that will represent Liverpool for years to come . So , it 's not that Rafa is a *bad* coach , per se . It would just take him a while to establish the 'Rafa-way , ' whereas Dalglish already has his philosophy and systems in place and moving forward . And , if/when , Dalgish retires the next boss will be someone who shares that philosophy .
Dear God please do n't bring him back . He 's not what we need when our players are becoming more adventurous .
[ deleted ]
Nah , imo , while Rafa is a good coach , his tactics imo are too conservative . Daiglish plays a much more watchable style ( although with Carroll in now , you can already seethe uptick in long balls ) , and Benitez 's eye for talent is ... not good enough . Comolli would take care of that , and I have full faith in him ( I am constantly surprised on how deep Tottenham are ) , and Daiglish has the charisma and leadership to lead LFC .
troll
Do n't get me wrong , I want Kenny to stay . To clarify ; I do n't even think I want Rafa back if he does n't . I ca n't believe I just said that ! \r \r Comolli is a good appointment , and the appointments of Kenny and Steve Clark are both great ones . You 're right about the long balls to Carroll , that needs to be knocked on the head ASAP ( if you 'll excuse th pun ) . The long balls are more a reflection of the players hoofing them up than Carroll , it definitely needs sorting .
Despite Rafa maybe being conservative and possibly not having an eye for talent , he did only bring some of the glory to Liverpool . A Champions League title is all we could dream of and then some . He also build up our youth academy . Despite everyone he brought in is gone , I would trust him and Comolli to bring in the talent . I 'm not saying he should come back , but I would welcome him with open arms if the club decided to .
Yeah I 'm hoping the long balls are really just a product of our lack of width . When we bring in the wingers this summer , the long balls should go away .
Yup , not saying he was a terrible blight on LFC . But the team he won 2005 with was n't really his team . we all saw the team he put together , which although was close in winning the EPL , it was far to obvious how much they relied on torres and gerrard magic . i think now our focus is on the EPL title , and i 'm still a believer that Benitiez has good tactics for knockout play , but not an extended season . maybe when we win the treble with Daiglish and he retires with trumpets blaring we 'll bring Rafa back . In the end , it was Rafa who first reached out to King Kenny to bring him back ...
Good news ?
i realize this is not Liverpool related but what position does Wilshere play ?
I would like to see Carroll get some playing time ( in general ) , even if it 's in the last 20 minutes . As long as he does n't injure himself , he might be able to learn something from playing with more experienced international players .
I 'm glad that Carroll did n't play at all !
[ Midfielder ] ( http : //news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/shared/bsp/hi/football/statistics/players/w/wilshere_398216.stm )
Based on the comments by Fabio , big Andy will probably play for around 60 minutes before coming off .
Good news : Lucas Leiva eager to extend current contract
This is the third or fourth article where Lucas has expressed his desire to stay and put the ball firmly in Comolli 's court . Sort his new contract sharpish Mr. Comolli !
My favourite picture from the rally today .
I have a Scouse Solidarnosc shirt .
Spirit of Shankly organised a coach down there , I imagine it was one of them .
what rally is this ?
Where 'd you get it ? I want one too .
A mate of mine got it for me last Christmas . I 'll find out where he got it from .
Cheers . I did a quick google and came up blank .
Luis Suarez Interview From The Redmen
Excellent fun .
A video of Irish youngster Ryan McLaughlin who has signed for Liverpool and will join the Academy this summer
Just in case you 're wondering , he 's plays predominantly at Right Back , but he likes to get forward . Given that he 's only 16 , has lightning fast pace and his position is n't necessarily fixed , could we be seeing a new right winger ? In yesterday 's U17 match between Northern Ireland and England , he captained the NI team against an England team which contained some of our current Academy talents like Adam Morgan and Brad Smith , who play at the positions of Striker and Left Back respectively .
Parents fighting at a kids football match , scumbags . He looks quick that Mclaughlin , good luck to him .
They seemed to be singing I Just Ca n't Get Enough after they were presented with the cup .
Hmm , seemed to go down a bit easy for that 2nd penalty ... he 'll prob do well in the Premier League ; - )
Cristian Ansaldi 's agent is claiming there has been interest from Liverpool and Atletico Madrid for the full back .
Interestingly though , I 've never actually heard of him before or watched him play properly . Anyone follow Argentina or the Russian League enough to give a lowdown on him ?
I 've seen him for Rubin Kazan against Barcelona . Did a good job , as far as I recall , but nothing I remember too well .
Lucas Leiva , the flaxen-haired Platini .
I 'll admit ... I had my issues with Lucas for a long time , especially under Benitez 's reign . I think that was frequently because he was relatively inexperienced and thus made some poor decisions . But , I have n't had a chance to watch a game on television or online in quite some time , so I ca n't speak to improvement . Maybe it 's unfair of me , since I do n't have much visual evidence , but what I remember are his discipline troubles ( a few reds , I think ? ) .
What a great article . Lucas has certainly blossomed under Kenny , and his recent key games are testament to that .
You should watch , if given the opportunity , recent games against Manchester United and Sunderland for example . Lucas has really blossomed into a solid holding midfielder and even a distributer at times . His discipline troubles are relatively behind him as he 's gotten good at timing tackles , but does still carry a slightly higher amount of yellows than other players in the squad due to the nature of his position ( and the odd mistimed tackle still ) .
The problem was that he was 20 or so when he came to liverpool..and people were expecting someone as awesome as Alonso to take his place which was pretty much impossible . I was one to sigh every time he touched/lost the ball and just generally I did n't really like him . Maybe it was because i was saddened that Alonso left , had to take it out on someone ... But now he is class ! ! The kid has learnt a lot from those tough days and is improving so much . He is an important part of LFC future and hopefully he will stay for the long hall . I hate the fact that i was such a hater in the early days , I think our fans should learn something from that ... . YNWA
Heh ... I 've had the ManU game in my queue for a while ... I need to make time to watch it . Some fan I am . Thank you for setting me straight .
I 'll agree with that sentiment regarding Xabi Alonso . Alonso , like many players from those years , held a fond place in my heart . It definitely does n't help in that I do n't see as many matches in the past year that I have n't seen how well Lucas has matured . Thank you for the additional information . You do bring up an interesting issue regarding fandom . We 're quick to jump on the a particular side . I think all fans are guilty of that , especially when we develop complexes related to how we view our teams position in relation to where we think they ought to be . I 'm guilty of it , at times , with LFC and my old University team ( Maryland Terps ) . So , again , thank you !
Yeah , we as LFC fans in general are lucky that Lucas is so bloody tough mentally . Also helps that he 's a genuine , down to earth , hardworking guy . How many players these days would have sticked around for 3 years to prove themselves to stubborn/entitled fans , while simultaenously being the scape goat to the clubs on the pitch misfortunes ? Not to mention that he was 20 when he arrived , knew no English and had to adapt to a new position . I hope management reward him for his perserverence with a contract extension .
Help translate a bit of slang for me ? What does 'downed tools ' mean ? ( from SG & JC interview )
The whole sentence , in regards to Nando 's departure : 'Only he knows whether he downed tools and only he can explain why his form was n't as good in his last few months . '
If you ever come to Liverpool for a match it looks like you are going to have to bring a translator .
'Downed tools ' means to go on strike . As in workers putting down their tools .
Ahhhhh . Thanks .
Andy Carroll : Top 10 goals
Aw man , blocked : (
just waiting for him to open his liverpool account . west brom anyone ?
Could n't you cut the last one ? Heartwrenching .
With some of those stunners v West Brom in the compilation , I would hope so
So Jamie , can you name the top 3 PL scorers versus Liverpool ? ( gif )
Is this true ? I can certainly believe it .
Yep , he 's second only to Richard Dunne in terms of PL own-goals .
Danny Baker loved this fact and would bring it up often on whatever show he was airing ( like the 606 Pirate Ship ) . It 's sad and funny at the same time .
Aquilani : 'I’d have no problem going back to England , since the English league is the best one of all . '
Of course sites like Goal.com etc . decided to casually leave out that part .
I do n't really have much of an opinion on Aquaman . He 's a good player and if Juventus or any of the other big Italian clubs want to pay the money we want then he can stay there . If not then we can always use another great midfielder , especially with Gerrard 's recent injuries and Merieles getting pulled off after 70 minutes every game . Sure , he 'll get injured ( just like Agger and Aurelio all the time ) but how can you turn down a good player who wants to play ?
IMO this is great news . Aquilani is class , and he looked pretty good when he was on the field last year . Of course he was n't top class at that point , and lost possession more than you 'd expect , but going from Italy to the EPL will do that to you . He definitely showed glimpses of someone who is confident on the ball , who 's fairly physical , and who has a good range of passing . With him , I 'd say we 'd have one of the deepest central midfields in the game - Gerrard , Lucas , Raul Meireles , and Aquilani ! then you throw in someone like charlie adam ! if we get aqua man back , get a true legit winger and a legit left back , man , it could be mouth watering .
At the end of the day he started 9 EPL games , had 1 goal and 6 assists , our second leading assister that season . Sure , one of those 'assists ' was comically falling over and having the ball somehow bounce to Gerrard who fired in a screamer ... but he had his moments and nearly put us into the Europa finals with his goal against atletico . Sending aquilani on loan and buying Paulsen was just one of the ridiculously bad moves Roy made . I 'd be happy to have him back , especially if we somehow nip 5th place . But if we do n't get 5th I think i 'd rather the 13m to go towards a winger , LB or CB
I do n't think there 's any point in having a strong opinion on him . He 's one of those players who you could hold almost any opinion on him and be able to back it up .
Is there really room for all those central midfielders ? I say sell him and put it towards getting quality width in the team , we need a left back and 2 out and out wingers , not another CM , especially when we have Shelvey and Spearing trying to break through . Bringing Aquaman back and getting Adams means we 'll have 7 CM 's ( not including Poulson , surely he 's going in the summer )
I 'd rather keep Aquilani than pay £10m for Adams .
Me too TBH , but do we need either ?
Poll : Andy Carroll’s Worst Haircut
i was expecting the last one to be the skrtel
hahah me too
Anyone watching the England friendly ? I ca n't wait until Carroll starts doing that for us !
Yep , that was a quality finish ( unlike Ashley Young 's ) . If you remember the game earlier this year when Liverpool played Newcastle , Andy hit a screamer right past Reina . Hopefully he duplicates these types of goals frequently , and gets a lot of headers in , too .
[ here 's a link of it ] ( http : //www.caughtoffside.com/2011/03/29/england-1-1-ghana-international-friendly-highlights-video/ )
Yeh , he has a quality finish when he gets a chance .
Andy Carroll this summer : To play or not to play ?
I think he should play , especially if he has n't hit top form . 1 ) practice makes perfect . 2 ) less time alone to fall off barstools 3 ) whisper about how great liverpool is and help us poach some fsg style signings . albrighton ? ?
Once you 're playing for the senior squad you should n't bother with the U-21s , etc . Just my opinion .
I think it 's a terrible idea . Sure the extra playing would be good developmentally , but look at the long term . We have a massive season next year and he needs to feature as much as possible there . Follow that up with the Euro Championship where it looks like he 'll be one of England 's key players . After that comes another huge season ( hopefully with Champions League football ) . Why do we need to add an extra summer of playing in a tournament that does n't matter to anybody ? All it is is a chance for him to get tired or injured . Keep in mind I think Wilshere is in the exact same situation and he 's years younger - still should n't be in the U21s .
Lucas no new Contract talks Could Leave in Summer - Report
Adam Johnson Linked Again , Thoughts ?
I think Adam Johnson could/would be a solid young player that would benefit the Liverpool squad . I think with Liverpool 's stable ownership situation and money to spend and a good front office , I think we 'll see a lot of moves . And a lot of smart moves too .
I agree with the guy in the comments > Comolli states LFC will have a busy summer = every mo-fo being linked with the reds ! Keep throwing out new names fella’s I’m sure you’ll get 1 right !
Would love to have him here . City would be insane to let him leave , though it could happen since he 's angry at being left out . Would be fine with the front office throwing quite a bit of money at them to try and get him . Still dont believe that they will sell him though .
hell yea . it would be a great addition if we get him .
Would definitely like to see him at Anfield . But I 'm afraid it 's going to cost a great deal , say £20m+ . The Andy Carroll fee has just set the bar so high on talented English players .
Is he being left out purely down to skill/talent , or is he not in form/injured ?
He was in great form before he was placed on the bench , but I think it 's because of the arrival of big signings Silva and Milner . Dont think it at all could be said that it 's because of skill/talent .
Martin Kelly supposedly out for the rest of the season . Shame .
Have n't seen anyone else report this , I 'd wait for news from a halfway-reputable source .
Lucas Leiva signs new deal
Yay ! He 's a quality player now , and I really respect him for how he perservered for the last couple of years while people complained about him ( myself included ) . Just goes to show what a bit of patience and trust from the manager does . Maybe some Liverpool fans could consider this when talking about players like Aquilani ...
I 've always had some doubts and frustrations about Lucas but I ca n't deny that he is a great young player and has improved considerably over the last season or so .
[ deleted ]
Something that really irks me is that people think Adam is a better player than Aquilani .
Personally , I 'd disagree with each one of the things you 've criticised him for . It always seems to be Lucas who 's picking the ball up from the defence , turning and pinging a fast ball right into someone 's feet . I admit he used to panic on the ball quite a lot , but this season he 's improved a lot and rarely loses it because of that now . Regarding him not being the greatest in his position offensively , you 're correct that he does n't take many shots , and consequently get many goals , and he does n't make late runs bursting into the box either , but I think he 's a crucial part in starting our attacks ( especially when Agger is n't playing ) .
Adam looked so bad against Brazil on Sunday . Then again , none of the Scots really did well .
Same here - if they were two prospective purchases , then it would n't be as bad as Adam would cost less , but seeing as we already have Aquilani , we should be giving him a proper chance , especially as he 's been having a great season .
I think your statement is arguable however if we had both , I doubt it would hurt us . Moreover , when you have to actually compete for your spot on your team and not just have it given to you , it can really bring out a player 's abilities .
West Brom v Liverpool Notes - Stats & Facts , Team/Injury News and more..
DAE else find Carroll extremely funny in this picture ?
Is he doing a robot dance and kicking the ball at the same time ?
Yes ! I saw the pictures on the LFC website and immediately noticed how weird this one was . He looks like a robot with a badly broken/bent left leg .
I 'm guessing those 3 's in your name are there for a reason ?
I think they 're meant to be E 's
Haha I realize that . When I first loaded the comment thread , 3ndgam3 had triple posted by accident .
Skrtle praises Dalglish , says man management skills key in turning season .
*Skrtel
Video – Kenny Dalglish Previews West Brom plus Team Injury News and Lucas New Deal
Mihaylov : Reina wants to leave
Of course , coming from a keeper that wants to returns ' agent , it may have to be taken with a grain of salt . However , if he does want to leave , and I hope he does n't , since he 's pure quality , who would we look at as his replacement ?
Watch out Luis !
I just do n't understand it ... .
Hah , they only have Gyan to blame..
They 're Ghana fans having a joke . Suarez was the one who handled on the line to stop them going through in the WC last year .
Hahaha ! Haha ... . seriously though . We know *exactly* where you live .
That 's the funniest thing ever . I 'm so glad they have a sense of humor about it .
VIDEO - 10 Liverpool Goals in Merseyside Derby
Magic stuff , many thanks .
That Kewell goal is my favorite , I really miss him . Same goes for Murphy .
A typical Kenny Dalglish press conference
Hah yeah not bad . Just needed a quick witty call paying out a reporter and it would be spot on
As reported all over twitter : Liverpool ready to announce Sammy Lee as manager .
I was cracking up watching all the retweets come from those who thought it was true .
TIL My father went to high school with the Tom Hicks .
Tell him to fuck off from me .
did he run for some big position and make a bunch of promises and then lose the school a bunch of money and then try to sell it at an outragous price and then have some other kids fromanotherschool bitch him around in two courts and make him look like a little bitch ? Just curious .
An apology from Tom Hicks , maybe ? : )
A frind of min usd to slp with a girl who wnt on to slp with Andy Carroll . Do n't think w'r not alrady trying to find a way to us this to gt fr tickts to Anfild .
There will be blood .
Nah probably just another frivolous lawsuit
sriously ?
It 's not polit to mock my mold .
Try using accēnts .
Liverpool sponsor wants club to buy Asian stars ( BBC Sport )
if standard chartered want to give us the money to pick up shinji kagawa or keisuke honda , i 'm all for it .
I 'm an American-born Korean and a huge Liverpool fan and I would love to see some Korean players on the side . But because of their *talent* not because some sponsor wants them on the club .
Thoughts ? On one hand , I feel it 's absolutely none of their business , and then can shove off ... On the other hand , what they say does make financial sense - Asia is crucial in modern football to maintain a good yearly profit , and having an Asian star or two who definitely help . Personally , I like Honda ( we could probably get him cheaper than Adams anyway ) .
I would never give in to the demands of a sponsor when it crosses over into team affairs . I 'm all for having Honda join the squad , but for the right reasons .
This is sort of what happens a lot in college sports in the United States : a rich individual called a 'booster , ' usually an alumnus , dumps a huge amount of money on to his or her favorite team , and in exchange the booster demands access to coaches , athletic directors , the university president , and players . The really rich ones get their names on the stadiums , have a say in who gets to be the next coach ( or whether the current coach has to go ) , and generally influence the course of the team . Also , the players sometimes inexplicably wind up with Escalades and diamonds , though booster gifts to the players is strictly prohibited by the NCAA .
Relevant : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=lue6o6FhDC8
My first two choices if Liverpool were looking , which they should n't be forced to by the shirt sponsors in my opinion .
We should be looking at Honda as a real prospect regardless of whether SC want us to buy an Asian player .
i 'd love to see chung-yong lee play for us . prob would never happen though.\r heung-min son looks like an excellent prospect as well
Adam
Right . On one hand , I think they should realize LFC needs to focus on getting back to big four status first , before doing something like this . But Asia is still an untapped market . If someone can ever figure out what 's going on with China and develop some talent , right there you have the support of a billion+ on your side . Not to mention , if you create a solid relationship with them , a pipeline of talent .
I saw this recently.. we need to get this kid in our youth system lol
Doh ! ; )
If there 's some young players that are looking pretty good out there I 'm sure FSG will jump at the chance to sign them . They love younger players who have lots of upside and the financial implications of getting even more Asian support ( and even a pre-season tour ? ) would be unbeatable .
Thoughts on the WBA game ?
Why has no one mentioned the 2 crippling injuries we had in the first half ... Having to take off Glen and Agger really fucked us . Odemwingie wrecked Wilson and Soto is too slow without the skill and expertise of Agger or Johnson to support him .
I 'll address some of your concerns . 1 ) He certainly did . As good as he looked , he looked pissed . He understands as much as anybody the injury is killing us . ALL of our quality defenders are out ( agger and johnson ... . ; __ ; ) . He understands , but he still wants a trophy . Today 's loss will certainly factor into his decision this summer . 2 ) Spearing is garbage . You ca n't even really argue that he 'll improve in time . The level that he plays at now ( at the age of 22 ) is n't high enough to EVER become a class player . He is at best a squad player at West Brom . Why would we loan out Pacheco when we are plagued by injury and lacking man-power . I understand we needed some defensive shoring up after our 2 best available fullbacks get subbed out , but I think even Poulson would have been a better move . I do n't like Spearing and I simply do n't think he 's good enough . Moussa Sissoko : please save us . 3 ) Carroll - He looked great until he got the yellow and even then until he got the second talking-to . He did n't want to get a red so he played cautiously . For him and the way he plays , cautious means worthless . Give him another chance . I think his reckless abandon will do fine next week additionally , thank god Skrtel played well . He 's all we got in defense .
The game just highlighted our frailty in defence . If you analyse our defence , it needs a major overhauling . We have : Glen Johnson - Great in attack as we know , but not the best defender . Ideally , he should be the weak link in our defence due to attacking runs and our defenders cover for him , but often gets exposed due to Carra 's pace . Jamie Carragher - Still a good defender , positionally superb , but getting on and has no pace whatsoever anymore , but he still needs to be in our defence for his leadership and stability . He should NOT be playing at RB , but he 's 3rd choice . Martin Kelly - Best out of defence this season , decent at going forward and defensively solid at both CB and RB . However , is starting to look a little injury prone . Daniel Agger - Great CB on his day , absolutely the class we need at LFC , but we all know those times come few and far between long streches out with injury . At this point its a hard decision about Agger , as we ca n't afford to have our best CB out so frequently , so its either he sits on the bench as a backup to a good replacement or we move him on . Fun fact : Daniel Agger has played 93 times in the EPL for us in 5 years , not much better than Aurelio 's 85 in the same time . Martin Skrtel - I have sometimes been a bit hard on him and he was pretty good against WBA , but he 's inconsistent and for a defender thats a liability . He gives away needless fouls , gets caught out often and is n't a sure header of the ball , but he works hard and when he 's having a good game he 's solid . Bit like our Dirk Kuyt of defence . Soto Kyrgiakos - Was okay last season , has been poor this season . He 's good in the air but not on the ground , which is ... woeful for a CB . Slow , reckless and has time against him , we should move him on . Fabio Aurelio - Class man of glass . Not much else to say really , he should NOT be our FIRST choice LB ! Danny Wilson - Good young player but does n't look ready for EPL level yet . In the perfect FM-esque world , we 'd sell Kyrgiakos , Aurelio , and perhaps Agger , bring in 2 excellent CBs and 2 new LBs and move Carragher to the bench . Skrtel is good enough for 3/4rd choice . However it is n't , and we 're likely stuck with most of them until their contracts expire . EDIT : Forgot Soto o.O .
Carroll was really a complete non-factor . Hard to blame him when he is getting fouled that often though . Did n't see anything from him in the second half - did he even touch the ball ? ? All and all it was an absolutely pathetic showing in a game where they had to get 3 points . Liverpool did n't deserve the win , even though the ref gave away two penalties .
With Spurs and Chelsea drawing to their respective opponents , today would/should have been the perfect opportunity for Liverpool to pick up three points on a quote-unquote lesser opponent ... Obviously that was n't the case . Extremely disappointed .
Painful . Lucas+spearing did n't work in the Europa league , took a fortunate call and a bit of brilliance for it to work against Sunderland ... not the midfield partnership that we need . Neither of them can go around defenders or spearhead a counter-attack . It 's just pass up to the strikers , hope that something happens . We coulda used Aquilani today .
we have no creative back up when gerrard is injured . I do n't think we have the correct players to field a 4-3-3 . I would have rather played a 4-2-1-3 with merelies right behind the striker ... if we are two play a 4-3-3 we need more creative midfielders and a better winger on the right ... . I really like kuyt and he is my favorite LFC player but he is not good enough to go wide from the wing and into the box . carrol was closed out by the defense so that was n't a problem that we could have done anything about . i feel pepe might leave but i 'm hoping some good signings in the summer will keep him around . he really was the best player on the field . and personally i like spearing but he does n't work anyway .
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU I really do n't know how else to put it .
I ca n't stand the players are given so little time to show their worth ( here , in the case of Carroll ) .
And I hate blaming refs but he was beyond shite today . We had shit luck all day but we were also dodgy in a number of areas .
It should have been in my original post , since having Johnson up the wing , and Aggers passing would have made a huge difference . It still doesnt address the problem we 're having in the mid though . Ca n't imagine how a side with carr-skrtl-agger , with johnson-kelly on the wing-backs , would have made for a hugely different result . I think our issue apart from a natural LB , and wingers , is to have good depth in the squad .
Aquilani or Adam or young or any of our transfer targets . We were hard done to lose 2 fullbacks who would have brought lots of offensive energy and options , but the point remains , our midfield is not strong enough either
That 's why I gave all of the reasons . I believe that apart from being out of match shape , I think the biggest reason for why he hasnt shown his potential yet , is because we have been hoofing it all over the place , and he hasnt had any service from our mid at all .
Kyrgiakos is useless .
How fickle you gents are . When he scores headers you love him , but his performance today condemns him . He definitely was trash today , but he 's an ok squad player . I do n't think he 's any worse than Squillaci on Arsenal or Cahill on Bolton ( do n't get me started on the transfer rumours ) . That being said : If he 's the worst defender you have on the pitch , you 'll be ok . When it 's Spearing in holding midfield and Carra and Wilson on the wings Soto ca n't be on the field . Additionally , he 's getting old . I could understand if he 's let go . TL ; DR- Yes , but ...
I agree that today he was absolutely awful , his challenge to concede the first penalty was pointless and his poor marking led to the second penalty . However , there have been games where he has been brilliant , think about the United match a few weeks ago . In the end , he 's about what you expect as a fourth choice centre back . He 's only going to play when absolutely necessary , and once we get some proper fullbacks we wo n't need him anymore . Players who are younger and better than Kyrgiakos would n't put up with sitting on the bench most of the time . Also , once Danny Wilson matures a bit we 'll have him as a centre back . Of course , I 'd rather that fourth choice centre back still be Hyypia . TL ; DR - Kyrgiakos is n't a great player , but he 's good enough as a fourth choice centre back
We lack depth in the back . Soto is a strong player when it is n't up to him to stop speedy forwards . He is an amazing goal threat on any free kick and a solid CB . This loss is not his fault .
To reiterate what I said in the WBA thread , Kyrgiakos is an aerial defender . He 's never been good on the floor , never been especially good at tackling or marking either . He shines in games against the likes of Stoke and Blackburn , but his weaknesses are highlighted when played against teams that utilise pacey wingers , throughballs and tricky strikers . Who would 've thought a Roy Hodgson team would be one to prove that , though .
Who would you replace him with ? Every fucking defender in the team was either injured or already on the field . If we get rid of him then what happens when all our defenders are injured next season ? Sure , he 's not the first choice defender but he definitely has his uses .
Completely agree , he was absolutely terrible . The last 3 goals conceded by Liverpool are all completely his fault . That being said , who else could Kenny have put it ? ? Everyone else is fucking injured .
Yes , I agree totally . He had a horrid day where he was worse than trash . But , he is normally a functional defender who has helped us plenty of times . It was n't just his fault today , there was nothing from the midfield or the forwards . Our attack play was completely nonexistent for the majority of the game .
Roy Hodgson is , always was and always will be a nobody twat loser . I ca n't believe he ever happened .
Blow for Liverpool as captain Gerrard is set to miss run-in with groin injury
This could be quite troublesome ... He is undoubtedly our talisman when things get testy , and without him , I am a bit concerned there is no one in the middle that can rally the troops like he can . This is Meireles ' and Lucas ' time to prove their worth .
Enough reading about how well Pacheco did yesterday , time to watch !
Found this little snippet on a forum . 'According to Paul Dalglish , Kenny has been wanting him to go on loan since January but only to a Club that will keep his development going . He believes that Norwich is the perfect fit for the lad , they play good attacking football on the floor , there 's the pressure of maintaining their promotion push and he 's going to actually play . '
From what I saw of the game he seemed to have acres of space to pick his passes , I do n't think he will get that against the better championship sides . It will be interesting to see how he does against the better teams .
Thanks for the share . I know he 's young , and even WBA is better than Scun , but I ca n't help but believe that he would have been so much better alongside Lukas than Spearing was ... ..That being said , glad he 's getting some playing time in .
If he had been in yesterday 's side then he should 've played as a left winger in the place of Meireles , with Meireles replacing Spearing to parter Lucas in central midfield .
Did the math , the best we can do is 6th : (
Would be interesting to see where we are in the table since Kenny took over . My guess would be 2nd or 3rd .
Yah , our recent loss really punched us in the gut and our chances for Europe esp . with Spurs drawing . Really , the only thing we can hope for is for Spurs to falter in the League while they focus on Champions League and for us to bounce back and essentially win every single game from here on out .
Also , this should make the summer transfer window really interesting . Without European play , I think we may have to face the fact that Reina may leave . Maybe other veterans too ... However , on the positive side , we will probably be able to snatch up a lot of young players , build a lot of depth on our squad , and then battle for a top four position in the '11/'12 season with Champions League play in the '12/'13 season . It does seem a long way out ... but hopefully missing Europe this season will be a blessing in disguise .
Spurs should have beaten West Ham and Wigan , but they drew with both . I do n't think it 's unrealistic to expect that they wo n't win every game out of that slate you 've listed there . I 'm also fairly pessimistic on our European chances , but I 'm not ready to write them off completely just yet . Losing to bottom feeders like West Ham and West Brom really hurt , though .
Honestly , I 'm still keeping my head held high . I may be too optimistic but I do n't care . You 're looking too much at the 'what should happen . ' I mean , we SHOULD have beaten WBA , but we did n't . Man U SHOULD have beaten Wolves back when they gave them their first defeat . I 'm not saying you 're wrong ... .but I hope you are . Tott still have CL games to play and I 'm hoping that will tire their team down a bit . Like I said , I 'm probably being too optimistic , but hey ... .I 'm sure there was someone that was optimistic in the crowd in Istanbul when that second half started ...
You say 'math ' like these outcomes are probable . There 's a reason why bookies have their pockets lined with money .
I do n't think we need europa league . we 're in a rebuilding stage right now . let us focus on premiere league .
I figure we may end up at 10th . Without Stevie , Johnson , or Agger for just about the rest of the season , we 'll be lucky to stay in the top half .
We are probably out of the Europe race . We had a chance with Tottenham drawing to make up some precious ground but completely shit the bed over it . I hate to say it but it might be curtains for Liverpools season .
we might make Europe if united tot or chels win the CL
That 'd be a decent chunk of work , which I am too lazy to do at the moment . What I can tell you is that since he took over we 've gotten 20 out of a total of 33 points ( 61 % ) . Before him we took 25 of 60 ( 42 % ) . \r Or , It took Kenny 11 games to earn as many points as Roy did in 16 . \r By making a gross and inappropriate assumption , one could say that had Kenny been here all along , we 'd be in 4th with 56 points ( 93 * .61 )
Someone mentioned somewhere in /r/LiverpoolFC that Liverpool really do play to their competition . And I think that 's what we saw . We seem to be lackluster against teams like West Ham and West Brom but then we 'll beat Chelsea and Man U . Honestly , at this point , I would n't be surprised if we beat Man City and Arsenal and then lose to Birimingham and Newcastle .
Not a terrible assumption . I think you 'd have to also add the assumption that Nando would n't have been sulking for the whole beginning of the season .
All of our senior fullbacks are injured or out on loan , what now ?
I 'm not sure how much of a shot he 'll give the youngsters against Man City . I think it 's too big of a game to give away to player development . That being said maybe he 'll give Flanagan a shot and put Carra at RB .
Carragher , Wilson , Flanagan , possibly recall Insua . Or play with three at the back with a pile of defensive midfielders . Apparently Poulson has played right back several times in his career ( I hope he does n't play ) . Aurelio is also back in training late this week . There 's lots of possibilities .
aurellio being back will be good news.. i think i would go with carra at rb , skrtel and wilson in center , and aurellio or maxi as lb ... got ta be better then kyra ...
Are you seriously saying that Maxi is a better defender than Kyriagos ? Personally , I think we should play Wilson on the left , with Skrtel and Kyriagos in the middle , against City , and then give some youth players a chance in the other games .
In my opinion aurelio is better than wilson in the left back position , but skrtel and kyriagos in middle is a good idea
Aurelio is , Maxi is n't . I doubt Aurelio will be fully fit though .
maxi is a joke.. lol aurellio is who should play .
Xabi Alonso : 'I am still a Liverpool fan and will be forever '
I miss him ; - (
Then come back !
While I liked Benitez and all that he accomplished , his recruitment of Gareth Barry at the expense of Xabi was so stupid and he deserved to be fired just for that .
LFC will always be a fan of him , too .
Thoroughly classy exit from the club . Torres really did n't think through the way he departed the club .
Good on you , Alonso . Much classier than Mascherano and Torres .
Yes but , after he tried to sell Xabi without his knowledge in the summer it gave him a massive kick up the arse for the following season . In fact the last season he was with us was by far his best .
That 's the one thing people tend to gloss over . Xabi was coming off his worst season at the club and with the new rules coming into effect , Rafa recognized he needed to have English born players . Of course , we were n't able to get Barry and ended up losing Xabi the next summer , but damn was he good that season . If somehow Henry and co. do n't resign Kenny , I want a private jet in fucking route to Barajas to pick up Xabi and Jose .
Liverpool compilation - Passion
Nice work . Makes me miss Torres though . I had never seen that perspective of that goal against Blackburn , which is my favorite of his .
Regardless of showing past players , including Torres , ca n't fault a great vid of a great team . I have no doubt that we are going to have an amazing summer , which will kick start next season .
Wow . Combined with your username and what we 've seen this season ? 1 . Kuyt for president . 2 . Gerrard and Carra ca n't go out without winning the PL . Ca n't let it happen . : ( 3 . No Mascherano or Lucas . I think this was made in the aftermath of Mascher 's departure ?
Post-rock makes everything awesome .
Ooo , bloody hell . If that was football porn , how do I have a football wank ?
> Wow . Combined with your username and what we 've seen this season ? I did n't make it . Just discovered it from MKB and absolutely loved it . > No Mascherano or Lucas . I think this was made in the aftermath of Mascher 's departure ? Lucas is there . You just have to look carefully . I believe this was made in 2009 , well before Mascherano left .
When we talk about Liverpool 's lack of quality ...
* Xabi Alonso : run out of town by Benitez Mascherano , Arbeloa : wanted to play in Spain Warnock : star player ? Here 's the bottom line . 'Star ' players want to win trophies . When that does n't happen for a few years , they get antsy and start to have their head turned . The only solution is to win . If players do n't want to be here , then we get rid of them , simple as that . There are many more out there who DO want to be here . We ca n't have a squad full of jerks like Torres . It brings everyone else down . Yes , it 'd be painful to lose Reina , but if he wants out , then go , we 'll find someone else .
I agree to some extent . For sure Alonso . Masch , considering his attitude , I would have let go regardless , but there is definitely a difference in him and Lucas , though Lucas has gotten better . Warnock though , I dont really rate in the level we need , and Arbeloa was right side , which in Johnson/Kelly , I think we have equal if not better right side in . I think apart from LB , wingers are the positions that we have been lacking for the last years . I ca n't really count any of our recent 'wingers ' as class . Think there are a lot of changes that need to happen this summer , but I think LB , both wingers , DC ( if Agger continues his injury run ) . I actually like Lukas quite a bit , but he needs a strong partner to play with . i.e not Spearing . I think Gerrard would be good in the role , with Meireles up front in the mid linking with Suarez and Carroll . In addition , we need depth , so some big spending on quality young players is needed . Edit : Names , so that I do n't have to walk alone : )
Warnock , before he left , was a permanent liability in defence . I ca n't recall how many times he was a couple of feet behind , breaking a nice offside trap . Finnan , Carra and Hyypiä stepping up in a neat line , and Warnock not being up to speed . We let Riise go over half a season of poor form . He still chokes up occasionally in Roma , but is still one of the better left backs we 've had this decade . But the worst thing was sending Insua out on a loan-deal he might not be coming back from . The lad had to cover for Aurelio , injured as usual , for half a season at age 19-20 , and in my book his performances was overall better than Warnock , Aurelio and Dossena . And then he gets sent out , and the porcelain-kneed Brazilian gets a new contract . Biggest WTF moment of the pre-season in my book .
> In addition , we need depth , so some big spending on quality young players is needed . I absolutely agree with that . I think we 've got a solid set of players but if an injury or a bad run of form comes around , our lack of depth is quickly exposed . So , I think getting a few quality players and then adding to the depth of squad is extremely important .
i also like lucas and hope that he continues imrpoving . i wish we could get sanchez from udinese\r also ... \r lucas , not lukas ; meireles , not moreiles\r sorry for being the grammar nazi here but i just had to ... especially on this subreddit
oof . Lucas and Meireles
We could 've really used Insua and Aquilani at various points this year .
In mine as well . I do n't know what Roy was thinking this summer , well , apart from bringing in his own useless LB . Insua would have had another season in the squad under his belt due to injury to the others .
Noted , and since I like to be a grammar nazi myself as well , no offense was taken : ) I 'm just horrible with names , especially when at work with little time .
Now imagine Meireles and Aquilani in the centre paired up .
i think that aqualani was not warming up to english footbal as fast as they wanted so they brought in meireles to replace him and give aqua a chance to gain form ... meireles was not a defensive player though and gerrard was injured . insua was good but young . a season out would give him some experience . having kraptastic konchesky and aurelio would have been great but kon sucked and aurelio was injured . agger had to pull left back and cb . kelly was awesome but got hurt ... . if we did n't have injuries then these loans would have been fine but injuries happen . I just hope we get a great starting lb a right winger and bring back aqua and inusa
Konchesky is just a huge WTF all around . I do n't even think he was the best fullback at Fulham ...
no I meant the spelling . Repeatedly wrong .
Daniel Agger ruled out of season run-in - BBC Sport
fuck : (